That was some game. It will take an eternity to sink in. Just imagine what this means for a country like Oman. To engrave their mark across the cricketing landscape. A place where I don't even know what cricket means to the people. Whether this win will be splashed across the newspapers or not. But geez, what a performance! They've caught our attention for sure and we'll be taking notice. Enough of theatre for one day though. I need to put my racing heart in an ice-tub. On behalf of my co-commentators Pratyush Sinha, Raju Peethala, Abhishek Chaudhary and Bharath Ramaraj (yes, it took 5 of us to handle that), and our scorer Mani, this is Sagar Chawla signing off. Until tomorrow, it's goodbye!Sultan Ahmed: "Great win for us. I'm very excited. And speechless. When we lost the toss, we tried to restrict them below 150. Thought we had the capability to chase 150. If we beat Netherlands and Bangladesh, we'll be through."Porterfield: "We were confident at the halfway stage. Last 4-5 overs with the ball let us down a little. Need to go back and regroup and it's going to be a mental thing more than anything. Need to win the two games and give ourselves a chance. There was a bit of dew and the ball was slippery but won't use that as an excuse."Summary: I can hear Chandler Bing screaming, "Can a match BE any better?" This wasn't for the pill-popping mankind. A historic win for Oman in a box-office finish. Oman stunned. Oman amazed. Oman overwhelmed. On a grand WT20 stage and against Test cricket's forever bridesmaid in Ireland, Oman beat nerves and defied expectations to library anecdotes on debut - starting with a first-over maiden whammy, through Zeeshan Maqsood's Superman moment and that late choke to curb Ireland's slogathon, and finally to the 47-run rearguard between Jatinder and Amir that powered them home. The game sprung to life when Kevin O'Brien's two in two overs stunted a smooth 69-run opening stand and paved a 180-degree reentry for Ireland. Oman then imploded to 90/5 before a 6th wicket stand brought them back in only to be ended by Rankin, now in Irish colours! Last over saw Oman needing 14 runs and featured an assortment of no-balls, a free-hit that saw stumps shattered, ounces of nerves and four byes off a no-ball to get Oman across the line. Phew.Oman. A country with a population of just above 4 million. The 19th team to feature in the World T20. Debuting on the big stage. What a story. "The plan was to get a boundary or two in every over. We worked very hard. All coaches gave us hope to do well. Finally it has paid off," oh Amir Ali, you spectacled beauty. He receives the Man of the Match trophy and hardly has a smile on his face. Don't think even he realizes what has transpired.19.5Sorensen to Munis Ansari, no ball, byes, FOUR, Oman have done it. They have done it. I can barely contain myself. The players certainly can't. Each and every one of them has come running out onto the ground. They are jumping around like they have discovered the potion to immortality. Eureka! Sorensen loses it again. Bowls a high full toss, manages to beat the swinging bat of Ansari but he also manages to beat his keeper as it bounced right in front of him. Sneaks through his legs and races away to the boundaryMunis Ansari, right handed bat, comes to the crease19.4Sorensen to Amir Ali, out Caught by Niall O'Brien!! Amir doesn't want to leave. He is standing there like someone has robbed him broke. Very full ball just outside off, Amir clears the front leg looking to drill it through the off-side, there is a sound as ball passes bat and then carries easily to the keeper. It was bat hitting ground. Amir Ali c Niall O'Brien b Sorensen 32(17) [4s-5 6s-1]Sorensen to Amir Ali, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!3 off 3 now. Amir on strike. One hit away19.3Sorensen to Ajay Lalcheta, 1 run, slower bouncer which deceives Lalcheta as he is through with the pull already. Ricochets off the arm towards backward point19.2Sorensen to Ajay Lalcheta, FOUR, I heard a huge scream after the outside edge ran away for a boundary. Not sure if it was the bowler or the batsman. But another poor ball. High full toss angled away wide of off, Lalcheta looks to carve it away but only gets a thick edge. That'll do19.1Sorensen to Amir Ali, byes, 1 run, what's with the free-hit that gets the best out of bowlers. Why can't they do this otherwise? Slammed into the blockhole on off, sneaks under Amir's bat and glances off-stump. Deflects into the off-side and they steal a run19.1Sorensen to Amir Ali, no ball, FOUR, see, that's the pressure I was talking about. I've never seen a full toss threatening to behead the batsman. And somehow Amir has managed to swing it down to the fine leg fence. Got a thick inside edge and the ball ran away. Free-hit to followMax Sorensen [2.0-0-14-1] is back into the attackSorensen being trusted with the final over. Rankin has given him the cushion of 14 runs. Imagine the pressure. Rather don't. Lest your mind explode into pure white light.18.6Rankin to Amir Ali, 1 run, oh brilliant over. Just the four from it. Sees Amir backing away and follows him with a smashing yorker. Amir still swipes hard and squeezes it off the toe-end into the off-side18.5Rankin to Ajay Lalcheta, 1 run, length ball on middle, Lalcheta swings hard across the line and chops it off the inside edge onto pad. The ball drops close to the popping crease and they go through with a hustled singleAjay Lalcheta, left handed bat, comes to the crease18.4Rankin to Sultan Ahmed, out Sultan Ahmed Run Out!! Sultan swings and misses, then thinks about stealing a bye. Then tries to retreat. Too late. Niall O'Brian has brought down the stumps with a spot-on underarm throw. Sultan Ahmed run out (Niall O'Brien) 1(2)Rankin to Sultan Ahmed, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!18.3Rankin to Amir Ali, 1 run, follows Amir as he is backing away, cramps him for room, and induces a false shot. The pull wasn't on given the not-so-short length. Wears it on the thigh pad and sets off to nab a leg-bye. Or so I thought. Seems like there was a little bottom edge involved18.2Rankin to Sultan Ahmed, 1 run, skiddy short of length delivery which rushes Sultan in his pull, swats it off the splice down to long-on. It was in the air for a while but landed well in frontSultan Ahmed, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.1Rankin to Jatinder Singh, out Bowled!! Rankin is jumping around and the bails are flashing in sync. Jeez, have some sympathy for us spectators. My heart is throbbing out of the chest. Length ball perfectly in the slot to be sloshed. Jatinder swings through the wrong line, the ball sneaks past the inside edge and brushes the top of leg. Jatinder Singh b Rankin 24(26) [4s-1]Rankin to Jatinder Singh, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!Boyd Rankin [2.0-0-19-0] is back into the attack18 off 2 overs. Anyone for a Super Over?17.6Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, so unlucky. Attempted a funky reverse hoick to a length ball, made a decent connection but found short third man17.5Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, 2 runs, back of a length delivery, Jatinder makes room and flat-bats it wide of extra-cover. The fielder dives and makes a half-stop. But the ball cruelly wrong-foots long-off and allows a second run17.4Kevin O'Brien to Amir Ali, 1 run, my jaw has dropped on the ground. That's a blinder from Wilson. Though he didn't take the catch, he's saved 5 runs. Amir mistimed the pull as he got it high on the bat. Still the ball sailed through the thin Dharamsala air and looked like it would clear the boundary. But then Wilson appeared out of nowhere, jumped backwards at deep mid-wicket, stretched his right hand and flicked it back inside from over the ropes.17.3Kevin O'Brien to Amir Ali, no run, makes room and looks to scythe a short of length delivery over mid-wicket with an explosive pull. Extra bounce off the deck and the ball soars over the top edge17.2Kevin O'Brien to Amir Ali, no run, back of a length delivery around middle, not short enough to pull, but Amir goes through with it. Gets hurried and swats it off the splice back down the pitch to knock over the stumps at the non-striker's. Denied a run17.1Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, taps a length ball in front of cover and smartly hands it back to AmirKevin O'Brien [3.0-0-20-2] is back into the attack16.6Murtagh to Amir Ali, FOUR, Murtagh has been dismantled. 20 off the over and an upset is staring us in the face. Low full toss just outside off, Amir bends his back knee and slogs with all his might. Loses his shape and the ball runs off a thick outside edge fine of short third man16.5Murtagh to Amir Ali, FOUR, and now picks his spot over mid-off. 21 off 8 and Amir is playing a blinder. Low full toss on off, the slower ball gone wrong, and Amir lofts it handsomely over the infield16.4Murtagh to Amir Ali, FOUR, oh my word! What a good shot that is. Bends his back to get low enough, makes some room against the length ball and runs it with an open face fine of short third man. Skimmed off the bat-face16.3Murtagh to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, clipped off the pads through mid-wicket16.3Murtagh to Jatinder Singh, wide, too wide outside off again. Jatinder walks across, thinks about it and then settles for the wide16.2Murtagh to Jatinder Singh, 2 runs, the nerves are slipping in now. Jatinder comes down the track and goes through with an off-drive despite being nowhere close to the ball. Mistimes it in front of mid-off. Porterfield tries to intercept from cover and fumbles. Deflects it wide of the mid-off fielder to allow the single16.2Murtagh to Jatinder Singh, wide, tries another wide yorker but is slightly beyond the tramlines, wided16.1Murtagh to Amir Ali, 1 run, nicely bowled. Cannoned into the blockhole outside off, Amir reaches out and squeezes it square on the off-side16.1Murtagh to Jatinder Singh, no ball, 1 run, now, now. Is that too high? Looked above the waist to me and yes it's a no-ball. Jatinder could only limply hit it down to long-on. Free-hit to followWow. This match has more sub-plots than my attempted short-stories. Amir and Jatinder have ensured it's not over yet. 43 from 24Tim Murtagh [2.0-0-16-0] is back into the attack15.6Stirling to Amir Ali, FOUR, and this certainly wasn't the plan. All Stirling does is dish out a quick and full ball on the pads, Amir simply tickles it fine. Beats short fine leg and it speeds away despite all the dewStirling and Porterfield get together for a chat...15.5Stirling to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, flatter off-break, turns a little from a length on middle, Jatinder clips it with the turn through mid-wicket15.4Stirling to Amir Ali, 1 run, push, push, push. But they don't. Very full ball drifting away outside off, Amir squeezes a drive through extra-cover, it's wide enough of the man in the deep but these two aren't the swiftest15.3Stirling to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, another quick and full ball on leg, nudged behind square for a single15.2Stirling to Jatinder Singh, no run, fired in towards the pads, and manages to hit it after Jatinder misses with the flick15.1Stirling to Jatinder Singh, FOUR, initially looks to come down the track, sees the length is short and then sits on the back knee to sweep it behind backward square. There is a dive but in vainPaul Stirling [1.0-0-4-0] is back into the attack14.6Sorensen to Amir Ali, SIX, ah, he's got hold of one. Awkward as it may seem, but it's brought Oman a welcome six. Fullish on middle, Amir swivels across and thwacks it across the line over square leg. Got it right out of the middle with an exaggerated batswing14.5Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, punched wide of a diving cover through to the sweeper14.4Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, no run, length ball just outside off, Jatinder aims an on-the-up drive and hits it along the turf to mid-off14.3Sorensen to Amir Ali, 1 run, Amir has an ugly hoick at a length ball outside off, chops it off a thick inside edge wide of mid-wicket14.2Sorensen to Amir Ali, no run, length ball spearing in on middle and leg, clipped to mid-wicket14.2Sorensen to Amir Ali, wide, Amir was on the walk here, also was backing away. Sorensen tried to follow him with a yorker but got the line wrong. Down leg again14.1Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, fullish and tailing in on middle and leg, gently pushed through the vacant mid-on region14.1Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, wide, darts a full ball down leg, Jatinder isn't quick enough to get the bat across, widedAmir Ali, right handed bat, comes to the crease13.6Andy McBrine to Aamir Kaleem, out Lbw!! Double-strike from McBrine. This is beautifully bowled. Slower through the air, and the flight makes Kaleem think that the ball will turn. But it goes straight on with the arm, beats his flick and hits the knee-roll in front of off and middle. HawkEye shows the ball hitting middle stump three-fourths on the way up. Aamir Kaleem lbw b Andy McBrine 0(2)Andy McBrine to Aamir Kaleem, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!13.5Andy McBrine to Aamir Kaleem, no run, slower through the air and gripping the pitch from off, steered to backward point13.4Andy McBrine to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, sliding on with the arm outside off, Jatinder pats it in front of backward pointAamir Kaleem, left handed bat, comes to the crease13.3Andy McBrine to Mehran Khan, out Caught by Porterfield!! No, no, no! It's another wicket and Ireland are on top now. Mehran felt obliged to break the shackles despite only facing 3 balls before this. Bends down on one knee looking to slog-sweep, the ball bounces slightly more from a length and he slices it in the air. Porterfield backpedals from short mid-wicket, keeps his eyes on the ball and reverse-cups it in front of the face before falling backwards. Mehran Khan c Porterfield b Andy McBrine 2(4)Andy McBrine to Mehran Khan, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!13.2Andy McBrine to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, slowish and slightly short in line with the stumps. Due to the lack of pace, the ball doesn't get up much. Jatinder bends his back knee to adjust and pulls it to deep backward square13.1Andy McBrine to Mehran Khan, 1 run, tossed up full on middle from round the wicket, whipped down to long-onAndy McBrine [2.0-0-12-0] is back into the attack12.6Sorensen to Mehran Khan, 1 run, slices the back of a length delivery with an angled bat down to third man12.5Sorensen to Mehran Khan, no run, a windy waft at a short and wide one, Mehran is justified in his effort but there is no connectionMehran Khan, right handed bat, comes to the crease12.4Sorensen to Adnan Ilyas, out Caught by Stirling!! Oman are sliding now. From 69/0, it's become 86/3. Can't fathom what Ilyas was doing here. Back of a length just outside off, he stays flat-footed looking to dab it down to third man. The ball sticks in the pitch and kicks up slightly, he gets it high on the bat and spoons it in front of backward point who is smartly placed well inside the ring. Stirling dives forward and takes it with ease. Adnan Ilyas c Stirling b Sorensen 4(7)Sorensen to Adnan Ilyas, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!12.3Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, leg byes, 1 run, late to get his bat across on the flick, the ball thuds the pad and rolls away into the on-side for a leg-bye12.2Sorensen to Adnan Ilyas, 1 run, back of a length delivery tilting in towards middle and leg, Ilyas goes deep in the crease and glances it to fine legIlyas spots some disturbance as Sorensen is running in. Pulls out at the last moment. Wonder what could have caused it. Not that the stadium is overflowing with people12.1Sorensen to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, shortish with width on offer, slapped to deep pointMax Sorensen, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attackThe required rate is exactly 9-an-over now. This is where, I feel, the lack of experience will hurt Oman who are making their first World T20 appearance.11.6Stirling to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, fired in full around middle, Jatinder is happy to milk a single through mid-wicket11.5Stirling to Adnan Ilyas, 1 run, darted on the stumps, slightly shorter in length, tucked away through square leg11.4Stirling to Adnan Ilyas, no run, dances down the track, gets close enough to the ball and pushes it back to the bowler11.3Stirling to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, plonks his front leg across, picks it from off and clips it through square leg11.2Stirling to Adnan Ilyas, 1 run, closer to middle and is nudged behind square11.1Stirling to Adnan Ilyas, no run, drifts on with the arm, slides away from a length on off, Ilyas gets a soft leading edge into the off-side as he closed the bat-face earlyPaul Stirling, right-arm off break, comes into the attackStirling to roll from round the wicket. No slip.10.6Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, no run, length ball angled in towards middle, Jatinder prods half-forward and defends into the off-side10.5Kevin O'Brien to Adnan Ilyas, 1 run, slanted into the pads, glanced to fine leg with a smooth swivelAdnan Ilyas, right handed bat, comes to the crease10.4Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, out Bowled!! Dear me, this is a big moment. Both openers have been swallowed by Kevin O'Brien who runs away towards mid-wicket with arms spread. Shortish and wide outside off from round the wicket, Maqsood was well within his rights to go hard on the cut, just that he anticipated more bounce. Chops it off a thick bottom-edge back onto the stumps. On second glance, it's a well disguised cutter from Kevin. Ran his fingers across the side of the ball and it didn't get up. Zeeshan Maqsood b Kevin O'Brien 38(33) [4s-6]Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!10.3Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, stays leg-side of a back of a length delivery and steers it through the point region10.2Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, short of length delivery from round the wicket, sticks in the pitch and bounces spongily, makes Maqsood's pull go awry. Splices it in the air, and luckily for him the ball bounces in front of long-on10.1Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, 2 runs, shortish but not as short to be pulled, Maqsood swings hard and swats it wide of long-on where a fumble allows a second run81 needed off the last 10. 9 wickets in hand. Usually you'd favour the chasing team. But this is different9.6Andy McBrine to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, flat and outside off, cuts it square of the wicket on the off-side for a single9.5Andy McBrine to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, his backlift is like Lendl Simmons from West Indies. Just an observation, drills this tossed up delivery to long-on9.4Andy McBrine to Jatinder Singh, no run, flatter and on the stumps, pats it back to the bowler9.3Andy McBrine to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, uses his feet but does not manage to reach the pitch of the delivery, hoicks it to long-on9.2Andy McBrine to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, shortish and Maqsood punches it back to the bowler, who makes a tumbling stop9.1Andy McBrine to Jatinder Singh, 1 run, some air behind this tossed up delivery, Jatinder gets a stride forward and drives to long-off8.6Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, shortish perhaps outside off, Maqsood misses his ambitious slash8.5Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, length delivery and and Maqsood pushes it back to the bowler off the front foot8.4Kevin O'Brien to Jatinder Singh, leg byes, 1 run, wanted to work this length delivery into the on-side, wore it on the padJatinder Singh, right handed bat, comes to the crease8.3Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, out Bowled!! His exuberance has cost Ali his wicket but not before he has put out a statement to the world that Oman are not pushovers, wanted to run this length delivery down to third man, chopped it back. Hits the ground and then ricochets onto the stumps. Khawar was understandably fuming and swung his bat across in frustration. Kevin O'Brien had to hop in his extended celebratory followthrough to avoid getting his feet "sworded out". Funny indeed. And shall I say that Ireland are on the board? Khawar Ali b Kevin O'Brien 34(26) [4s-4 6s-2]Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!8.2Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, SIX, carnage would be an understatement. Cleared his front leg and tonked it over the deep mid-wicket fence8.1Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, FOUR, had he missed it, it would have crashed onto the stumps, but he did not. Moved away a long way across and whipped it away from the fielder at short fine legKevin O'Brien [1.0-0-5-0] is back into the attack7.6Andy McBrine to Khawar Ali, 1 run, swoops low this time and sweeps it to deep backward square leg for a single7.5Andy McBrine to Khawar Ali, no run, wants to defend this flatter delivery and wears it on his pad, since McBrine is coming round the wicket, the angle would have taken it away7.4Andy McBrine to Khawar Ali, no run, angles it away from the right-hander, Ali closes the face of the bat and the leading edge rolls in front of short cover, cannot steal a single as the fielder was quick on that occasion7.3Andy McBrine to Khawar Ali, no run, round the wicket comes McBrine and keeps it flat on off, Ali defends it back7.2Andy McBrine to Khawar Ali, SIX, every ounce of muscle he has, Ali put it behind this shot, comes down the track and flogs it over long-on and gets maximum result7.1Andy McBrine to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, tossed up delivery and Maqsood chips it in the air, the ball falls well short of the man at long-on and they take oneAndy McBrine, right-arm off break, comes into the attackWe are going to see spin for the first time in this innings. Will this bring about a change of luck for Ireland, who at this moment are struggling to contain the Oman pair6.6Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, similar length for Maqsood as well, he softly punches it to the left of sweeper cover for a single6.5Rankin to Khawar Ali, 1 run, this is good cricket from Ali, waited for this short of a good length delivery and tapped it in front of cover for a quick single6.4Rankin to Khawar Ali, FOUR, cleared his front leg and stamped his authority as he slapped this one wide of the fielder at sweeper cover, Oman are off to a flier6.3Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, short of a good length and around off, Maqsood taps it in front of point and sets off, there is a direct hit the bowler's end but Maqsood had made it6.2Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, he has been pulling those back of a length deliveries but Rankin is a touch quicker than others and beats him this time outside off6.1Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, round the wicket comes Rankin and keeps it on a length outside off, Maqsood wants to push it from the crease, gets it off the inside edge and the ball rolls awayBoyd Rankin [1.0-0-12-0] is back into the attack5.6Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, angled into Maqsood, he stays back and softly tucks it away from the fielder at mid-wicket, retains the strike with that run5.5Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, 2 runs, round the wicket for the left-hander, Maqsood slices it over the fielder at cover, was not timed that well and the fielder chases it down well before the fence5.4Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, 1 run, backs away again, O'Brien follows him with a length delivery, Ali drills it down to long-on for an easy single5.3Kevin O'Brien to Khawar Ali, no run, over the wicket for Ali, keeps it on the stumps, he stays back and punches it off the inner part of the bat to mid-wicket5.2Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, 1 run, Maqsood is riding his luck for sure, drove it on the up and it was in the air but still it went away from the man at cover, enough time to change ends5.1Kevin O'Brien to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, round the wicket comes O'Brien straightaway, angles it in and the ball swerves away a touch to beat Maqsood's forward pushKevin O'Brien, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack4.6Murtagh to Khawar Ali, no run, Ali was using his feet and this made the keeper come up this time, the length was a bit fuller on off, Ali went for the drive but got it straight to the fielder at cover4.5Murtagh to Khawar Ali, no run, slower delivery once again, Ali almost chops it back onto the stumps, the ball rolls past the stumps to the keeper4.4Murtagh to Khawar Ali, FOUR, Murtagh rolled his fingers on the ball once again, Ali drilled it down the ground, the bowler had no time to get his left hand to it4.3Murtagh to Khawar Ali, no run, uses his feet and manufactures a bit of room as well, opens the face of the bat on the drive, cannot find the gap through cover though4.2Murtagh to Khawar Ali, FOUR, slower delivery and Ali read it well, backed away a touch and carved it over the fielders in the cover region, the ball rockets to the sweeper cover fence4.1Murtagh to Khawar Ali, no run, length delivery and around off, Ali stays in the crease and pushes it back to the bowlerTim Murtagh [1.0-0-8-0] is back into the attack3.6C Young to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, pulls again and hits it too straight, the ball rolls down to the man at mid-on3.5C Young to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, it might be tough to pick their accent but for Maqsood it is easier to pick Ireland bowlers' length, pulled this one off the back foot and the fielder at deep mid-wicket had no chance3.4C Young to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, length delivery aimed at the stumps, Maqsood gets it off the inside edge to his boots, Khawar Ali was halfway down the track and the fielder had a shy at the bowler's end, had it hit, Khawar Ali was a goner3.3C Young to Zeeshan Maqsood, 2 runs, he has played some beautiful shots off the back foot and does so once again, pulls this one wide of the man at deep mid-wicket and adds another couple to the total3.2C Young to Khawar Ali, 1 run, shortish delivery and Ali backed away, wanted to slap it away but was cramped for space, hit it uppishly towards third man, luckily for him the ball did not go to backward point3.1C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Ali chops it off the inner part of the bat to backward point3.1C Young to Khawar Ali, wide, straying down the line this time, Ali misses the glance and the keeper has to move to his left to collect2.6Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, this time though he connects with a similar shot and sends it straight down the ground, the bowler had no chance in his followthrough, three boundaries came off this over2.5Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, when they come off they look good, when not, there is nothing uglier, shortish delivery and Maqsood went for the short arm pull, missed it completely and it scoots through to the keeper2.4Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, better from Rankin, kept it on off and Maqsood this time presented the full face of the bat to get it to mid-off2.3Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, a photocopy of the previous shot, this time though it did not come off the meat of the bat, but had enough to crash into the fence2.2Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, was not short but the fact that Maqsood stayed back helped him to effect the pull through mid-wicket, timed it well and the fielder had no chance2.1Rankin to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, dishes a low full toss and on the stumps, Maqsood tamely pushes it to mid-offBoyd Rankin, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack1.6C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, back of a length that angles into Ali, he stays leg side and defends towards cover1.5C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, another good shot for no run, made room and carved this length delivery, did not find a gap through cover1.4C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, how did that miss the edge? Angled this one into the right-hander and got it to move away, Ali was beaten on the defensive prod, the bat might have hit the pad and that made some sound this time1.3C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, smashed this one after coming down the track, could not beat the fielder at cover though1.2C Young to Khawar Ali, 2 runs, did not time this pull shot but got it away from the fielder at mid-wicket, the fielder gave a chase and hunted it down to keep it to a couple1.1C Young to Khawar Ali, no run, back of a length that rose a lot, Ali takes the bottom hand of the bat and defends awkwardly to short cover1.1C Young to Khawar Ali, wide, splays this one down the leg-side and the umpire adjudges it as a wideCraig Young, right-arm medium, comes into the attack0.6Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, fabulous shot to end the over, picked this one up from the middle stump and flicked it away from the man at mid-on, timed it well and the ball raced away to the fence0.5Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, straight delivery from Murtagh once again, Maqsood defends it with an angled bat back to the bowlerOne slip in place for Murtagh0.4Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, short of a fuller length and on the stumps, Maqsood pushes it back to the bowler0.3Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, perfers to stay in the crease this time and tucks this one to mid-wicket0.2Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, FOUR, uppish but Maqsood won't mind, it was in his zone and he lofted it over the man at mid-off, it was not far though0.1Murtagh to Zeeshan Maqsood, no run, good delivery to start off, left the left-hander just outside off and he was beaten on the outside edge, got squared up a touchZeeshan Maqsood and Khawar Ali are at the crease. Zeeshan Maqsood is on strike. Murtagh will open the attackOman bowlers have done a decent job and now the onus is on the batsmen. Keep an eye on the dew factor as well. Just to give you an idea, there are two super soppers in action to absorb the dew. The players are ready in the centre and it's action time. Here we go..."Was a very good catch. He took a great grab. I thought it was quite difficult at the start and the ball didn't come on as we expected. Hopefully the pitch doesn't get too better and the boys can bowl well. Good to have him (Boyd Rankin) back in the side" chirrups Paul Stirling in typical Irish accent which was so hard to pick...Oman impressed in their first ever appearance in a World T20 edition - a debut of sorts. It started with a maiden to spin-startle Ireland and then spilled over to Zeeshan Maqsood playing a Superman to see Ireland one-down. Off to a rather good start, collecting 46/0 off the cheap powerplay overs, Ireland's inability to adjust to this wicket's pace saw their innings succumb to ill-timed wickets. Openers failed to carry on, meaning the platform was set with 112 runs at the 15-over mark but the pressure was right on for a big finish. Munis Ansari then bowled a 2-wicket over, sending Niall O'Brien and Wilson back to rob all the momentum. Oman's bowling discipline rallied on, inhibiting Poynter and Kevin O'Brien of pyrotechnics to effect a par score. The chase, probable and potentially historic, in case, coming your way in a few minutes..19.6Munis Ansari to Andy McBrine, FOUR, full and outside off, Andy McBrine went for the lofted drive but sliced it over the man at cover19.6Munis Ansari to Andy McBrine, wide, Andy McBrine, just like most of his colleagues is standing well outside the leg-stump and Munis Ansari errs in line, sprays it well down leg, and would have been a wide even if Andy McBrine had been a right-hander19.5Munis Ansari to Andy McBrine, 2 runs, full and around middle and leg, Andy McBrine throws his bat on the slog through mid-wicket, more of the bottom half but that will fetch him a double19.4Munis Ansari to Andy McBrine, FOUR, full toss and Andy McBrine is off the mark in style, goes hard and sends it down to the fine leg fence, all power rather than timingAndy McBrine, left handed bat, comes to the crease19.3Munis Ansari to Kevin O'Brien, out Bowled!! Third wicket for Munis Ansari and he is chuffed to bits. As I mentioned earlier, Kevin O'Brien was exposing all his stumps and Munis Ansari delivers a perfect full delivery that tails in slightly to make a mess of the stumps. Kevin O'Brien looks bamboozled. He was on the hop and played a nothing shot. Was expecting a short ball but the length was just, quite opposite. Kevin O'Brien b Munis Ansari 14(12) [4s-1]Munis Ansari to Kevin O'Brien, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!The batsman pulls out yet again...19.2Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, leg byes, 1 run, low full toss well down leg, Andrew Poynter is staying well outside the leg-stump and hence he had no room on offer. Looks to flick but misses, the ball thuds the pad and dribbles away to the leg-side19.1Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, no run, played his cards too early there. Walked well across the stumps and aims a slog-whip over the keeper but was beaten for paceFinal over coming up... Can they get to 160?18.6Bilal Khan to Andrew Poynter, 1 run, full again, Andrew Poynter slogs it to long-on, there was a second on offer as the fielder was a bit wide but the batsmen don't risk it18.5Bilal Khan to Andrew Poynter, 2 runs, full toss outside off, Andrew Poynter lofts it over the bowler, hits high on the bat and goes on the bounce to long-off18.4Bilal Khan to Andrew Poynter, no run, very full and wide, Andrew Poynter looks to dig it to the off-side, the ball takes some inside edge and rolls back to the keeper18.3Bilal Khan to Andrew Poynter, no run, full and dipping in under the bat of Andrew Poynter who crouched low but failed to make contact. Wanted to slice that through cover but couldn't reach out in timeThe batsman wasn't ready and he pulls out just when Bilal Khan was about to deliver18.2Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, 1 run, full toss around hip-height, Kevin O'Brien whips it but doesn't get enough timing nor the power. Tamely rolled towards the fielder at deep backward square. That ball deserved a six18.1Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, FOUR, full toss outside off, Kevin O'Brien bends his back knee and slams the ball square on the off-side, muscled!17.6Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, no run, full and down leg, Andrew Poynter shuffles too far across and missed the line of the delivery, he wanted to scoop over the keeper but was late in doing so. Off the toe-end and towards the keeper17.5Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, SIX, this time he doesn't move much and allows the ball to come to him, tonks this full ball over long-on for a 90-plus metre six17.4Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, no run, full and past the swooshing blade again. It was bowled at a decent pace and must say clever thinking from the bowler. Saw the batsman shuffling across and flung it down the leg-side, a big whoosh and a miss17.3Munis Ansari to Andrew Poynter, 2 runs, the rib-tickler from Munis Ansari, Andrew Poynter hops and awkwardly tucks it towards mid-wicket17.2Munis Ansari to Kevin O'Brien, 1 run, keeps it full again, Kevin O'Brien makes room and gets behind the line, driven down to long-off17.1Munis Ansari to Kevin O'Brien, no run, nutmegged? It was hurled full and just missed the leg-stump, Kevin O'Brien went across the stumps and tried to slog it through mid-wicket but the ball skidded across and sneaked under his blade16.6Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, 1 run, low full toss and Kevin O'Brien lifts it over cover to steal a single16.5Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, no run, from round the wicket, in fact he has been bowling all his deliveries from round the wicket this over. It was full and slanted in just outside off, Kevin O'Brien looks to big down the ground, past the outside edge, beaten for pace16.4Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, 2 runs, very full again, Kevin O'Brien gets underneath that as he drives it handsomely through cover16.3Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, no run, very full, nearly a yorker outside off, Kevin O'Brien looks to fetch with a flat-bat but doesn't succeed16.2Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, 2 runs, low full toss outside off, Kevin O'Brien drives it past extra cover who dives but fumbles16.1Bilal Khan to Kevin O'Brien, 2 runs, drilled wide of long-off. There was a misfield in the deep and that allowed the duo to pinch another runBilal Khan [2.0-0-17-0] is back into the attackAndrew Poynter, right handed bat, comes to the crease15.6Munis Ansari to Wilson, out Bowled!! Here we go again! This is more like Malinga. Hitting the base of middle and off. Wilson exposed all his stumps and wanted to go big over cover. Munis Ansari kept it full and the ball just skidded off the surface after pitching. Kept a bit low and thumped the stumps. Wilson b Munis Ansari 38(34) [4s-5]Munis Ansari to Wilson, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!15.5Munis Ansari to Wilson, no run, the off-pace delivery, dug in short and Wilson is fooled by the lack of pace, ambitious stroke but missed by a country mile15.4Munis Ansari to Wilson, FOUR, better from Wilson. Walks roght across the stumps, picks the length early and keeps his head still - All that to scoop one over the keeper15.3Munis Ansari to Kevin O'Brien, 1 run, fraction fuller and around off, Kevin O'Brien looks to push that through cover, another inside edge found, rolls to the off-side of the pad15.2Munis Ansari to Wilson, 1 run, on a length and just outside off, Wilson looks to force it through the off-side, goes hard and ekes an inside edge onto his boot which rolls to the off-sideKevin O'Brien, right handed bat, comes to the crease15.1Munis Ansari to Niall O'Brien, out Caught by Mehran Khan!! Not quite Malinga's pace but gets a wicket nonetheless. He might not have Malinga's hair and pace but has this knack of skidding the ball at a decent pace. Pitched on middle of the track and hurried onto the batsman, Niall O'Brien was trying to pull. Got into a bit of tangle as he swivelled on the stroke. A fat, healthy top-edge and short fine leg snaffles a dolly. Niall O'Brien c Mehran Khan b Munis Ansari 16(11) [4s-1]Munis Ansari to Niall O'Brien, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Munis Ansari [1.0-0-11-0] is back into the attackHere's Malinga-esque Munis Ansari for his 2nd over....14.6Ajay Lalcheta to Niall O'Brien, 1 run, keeps his line around leg-stump again, Niall O'Brien is happy to tuck it behind square and keep the strike14.5Ajay Lalcheta to Niall O'Brien, 2 runs, on middle and leg-stump line, Niall O'Brien pulls it with his whippy wrists, on the bounce towards deep mid-wicket but jeez! How's that for running between the wickets?14.4Ajay Lalcheta to Wilson, 1 run, uses his feet well again, waltzes down the pitch, realizes he is too close to the pitch of the delivery and does well to push-drive it towards long-off14.3Ajay Lalcheta to Wilson, 2 runs, down on one knee and slog-sweeping this full deliveries at will is Gary Wilson14.2Ajay Lalcheta to Wilson, FOUR, this time he times it precisely, not just timing but got the placement right too! Allows the ball to slide in and then cuts it from off-stump line, past backward point and into the fence14.1Ajay Lalcheta to Wilson, no run, twirled outside off, at a slower pace, Wilson camps on his back knee as he seeks to cut, only succeeds in finding an inside edge, rolled in front of the keeperAjay Lalcheta [3.0-1-14-0] is back into the attack13.6Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, 2 runs, darted fuller and wider of off, Niall O'Brien shimmes down the pitch and drives past an extra cover who dives but fails to make a clean stop, allowing another run in the process13.5Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, no run, lofty! Ambitious! Call it whatever you want. It was slower through the air and well outside off, Niall O'Brien leant on his forward knee and tries to reverse-slap it past the keeper but to no avail13.4Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, 2 runs, yet again, he walks across to fetch the ball from outside off as he wanted to play a flick, comfortably placed through mid-wicket13.3Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, FOUR, hello! See you tomorrow! Didn't time it all that well but placed it to perfection. Right between deep mid-wicket and deep square leg. Down on one knee and an agricultural swipe over mid-wicket, beat the desperate dive from deep mid-wicket13.2Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, 2 runs, full and outside off, Niall O'Brien shuffles and flicks elegantly through mid-wicket. Some lazy effort in the deep ensures N O'Brien is back on strike13.1Khawar Ali to Wilson, 1 run, backs away early and fetches the slash/cut from around off-stump, scorched through cover but there is protection in the deep12.6Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, takes a step forward and drives this fuller delivery neatly towards extra cover12.5Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, no run, charges out and aims to cut this hard through cover, but was cramped for room and hurried for pace. Ends up chopping it off the inside edge towards backward point12.4Aamir Kaleem to Niall O'Brien, 1 run, moves around the crease and flicks it with the angle through the mid-wicket region12.3Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, steps down the pitch and rolls his wrists on the flick through mid-wicket12.2Aamir Kaleem to Niall O'Brien, 1 run, at the toes, flicked through mid-wicket12.1Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, shortish and at the stumps, pulled to deep mid-wicket11.6Khawar Ali to Wilson, 1 run, pushed through quicker outside off, driven square on the off-side11.5Khawar Ali to Niall O'Brien, 1 run, nudged towards mid-wicketNiall O'Brien, left handed bat, comes to the crease11.4Khawar Ali to Porterfield, out Stumped!! Something's gotta give and Oman nips out the dangerman in the form of William Porterfield. It was tossed up nicely and just dipped enough to beat the booming blade of Porterfield who came down the track in quest of a slog-sweep. Sneaked past the inside edge and the keeper does the rest. Porterfield st Sultan Ahmed b Khawar Ali 29(28) [4s-3 6s-1]Khawar Ali to Porterfield, THAT'S OUT!! Stumped!!11.3Khawar Ali to Wilson, 1 run, short and at a comfy pace for Wilson who pulls it through mid-wicket11.2Khawar Ali to Wilson, no run, pushed towards cover11.1Khawar Ali to Wilson, 2 runs, what is happening out there? Oman are hitting everything. The stumps, the middle of the bat (with some mediocre deliveries)... Wilson came forward and flicked it to deep mid-wicket. The running was so good that the umpire had no reason to go upstairs. Direct hit at the batting end but Wilson was well inKhawar Ali [1.0-0-4-0] is back into the attack10.6Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, races down the pitch and drills this full ball towards cover10.5Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, no run, lot of revs on this tossed up delivery outside off, Wilson makes room and tries to smash that through cover. Missed it altogether and the bails fly in opposite directions via keeper's gloves who failed to glove it clean. Wilson was just millimeters inside the crease-line though. Just managed to slide his back foot in....Oh! What happened there? Is that a stumping? There has been an appeal from the Oman skipper. "Fair delivery, can you move on to front-on please... Side-on please. Give me other side please. My decision is not out and it will be not out" chirps S RAVI after a long and rigid look at the replays...10.4Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, 1 run, quick and full again, Porterfield jams his drive through cover10.3Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, FOUR, short and begging to be hit! Porterfield obliges as he drops to one knee and slog-sweeps it well over the man at square leg, no one in the deep10.2Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, presses this floated up delivery in front of short cover to nab a quick single10.1Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, 1 run, fired in at 91ks, fuller and around off, Porterfield gets behind the line to drive it down to long-off9.6Amir Ali to Wilson, no run, again Ali pushes it through, Wilson fails to get any wood on a slog-sweep9.5Amir Ali to Wilson, no run, flatter delivery and outside off, Wilson sits on one knee and looks to slog-sweep, but misses9.4Amir Ali to Wilson, FOUR, pushed through, but Ali offers Wilson the width to camp on the back foot and nail the cut to the deep extra cover boundary. Meaty blow from Wilson9.3Amir Ali to Wilson, no run, well, I think that was a wide, but not given. Miles outside off, left alone to the keeper. But not adjudged as a wide9.2Amir Ali to Wilson, FOUR, slightly dragged down delivery, Wilson rocks back and aims to flay the cut. But gets a thickish outside edge that runs away past the short third man fielder and into the fence9.1Amir Ali to Porterfield, 1 run, from round the wicket, Ali bowls it on the stumps, Porterfield camps back and rolls his wrists on the flick to deep mid-wicketAmir Ali, right-arm off break, comes into the attack8.6Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, 1 run, flatter trajectory from Kaleem, Porterfield push-drives it to long-off8.5Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, no run, flatter delivery and just outside off, driven it to cover8.4Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, FOUR, a lot of oohs and aahs as the skipper of Oman misses out on a stumping chance. Kaleem beats the batsman with his path of flight and guile, Porterfield charges down the track and looks to tuck it around the corner and gets an inside edge. However, the keeper was late to collect the ball as he moved to his left. It runs away to the fine leg fence8.3Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, flatter delivery from Kaleem, driven to deep extra cover8.2Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, no run, loud appeal for caught behind by the skipper, Sultan Ahmed. It is not easy to figure things out there. I think it hit the front pad and then nudged the right-hand as he missed with his sweep8.1Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, no run, Wilson makes room and skates down the track to drive, but can't breach the gap through extra cover7.6Khawar Ali to Wilson, 1 run, pushed through, this time. Wilson manufactures some room and drives it to sweeper cover7.5Khawar Ali to Wilson, no run, Wilson dances down the track, Khawar follows him and bowls it slower through the air. Eventually, Wilson misses out with the tuck7.4Khawar Ali to Wilson, no run, the straighter-one from Khawar, Wilson picks it and dabs it to cover7.3Khawar Ali to Porterfield, 1 run, shorter in length, Porterfield mistimes the pull to mid-wicket. The Irish are not able to adjust to the slow nature of the wicket7.2Khawar Ali to Wilson, 1 run, the leg-spinner from Khawar, Wilson uses his feet and clips it to square leg. The keeper himself runs across and stops it7.1Khawar Ali to Porterfield, 1 run, too straight from Khawar, clipped to deep mid-wicket for an easy singleKhawar Ali, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack6.6Aamir Kaleem to Porterfield, 1 run, flatter delivery and on the stumps, Porterfield gets an inside edge on his tuck to short fine leg6.5Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, 1 run, Wilson skips down the track, takes this delivery on the half-volley and wrists it to long-on6.4Aamir Kaleem to Wilson, FOUR, sliding down leg, Wilson bends on one knee and sweeps it to the fine leg fence. Deft touch from WilsonGary Wilson, right handed bat, comes to the crease6.3Aamir Kaleem to Stirling, out Caught by Zeeshan Maqsood!! Zeeshan Maqsood has taken a blinder. Er wait, the onfield umpires have called for the TV umpire to see whether he took it cleanly. The soft signal is out. On replays it is clear to me that he grabbed it with his left-hand underneath the ball. However, the TV umpire has asked for the zoomer. Now, he says the ball has carried. As a result, Stirling has to walk back to the pavilion. Well, coming back to the catch, it was a spellbinding one. Stirling drilled a flatter delivery on the up towards Zeeshan at extra cover, who leaps in the air to his left akin to a superman and grabs it with his left-hand. It can turn out to be the catch of the tournament. Stirling c Zeeshan Maqsood b Aamir Kaleem 29(22) [4s-6]Aamir Kaleem to Stirling, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!6.2Aamir Kaleem to Stirling, 2 runs, Stirling was looking to cut there, but as Kaleem followed him, Stirling just chips it over the cover fielder for a brace6.1Aamir Kaleem to Stirling, no run, slightly shorter in length, Stirling mistimes the cut to cover-pointAamir Kaleem, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attack5.6Munis Ansari to Porterfield, no run, back of a length delivery and zooming in on the stumps, Porterfield opens the bat face ever so slightly and dabs it to point, but can't bisect the gap5.5Munis Ansari to Porterfield, no run, Ansari continues to keep it in that threatening zone outside off, peckered to backward point5.4Munis Ansari to Porterfield, no run, length delivery and just outside off, Porterfield dabs it to point5.3Munis Ansari to Porterfield, leg byes, FOUR, speared down leg, Porterfield aims to tuck it around the corner, but it hits his back pad and runs past a diving keeper into the fine leg fence5.2Munis Ansari to Porterfield, SIX, powerful blow from Porterfield. Length delivery and on the stumps, Porterfield waltzes down the track and pulverises the ball wide of long-on with a heave and it clears the fence with ease. He picked the bones out of that delivery5.1Munis Ansari to Porterfield, FOUR, Porterfield chips down the track to a back of a length delivery and clubs it across the line to deep backward square leg. He did not exactly time that one, but it still had enough legs to crash into the boundary boards5.1Munis Ansari to Porterfield, wide, with a slingy action, Ansari hits a back of a length and bowls it down the leg-side, Porterfield looks to work it away towards fine leg and misses. Signalled as a wideMunis Ansari, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack4.6Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, no run, the arm-ball that is bowled on the stumps, defended off the front foot4.5Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, FOUR, speared down the leg-side, Stirling sinks on one knee and slog-sweeps it to the fine leg fence. It came right off the screws4.4Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, no run, sliding down leg, Stirling can't connect with his flick4.3Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, FOUR, Stirling, this time, dances down the track, but does not get close to the pitch of the ball. He slices the loft over cover and it runs away to the fence4.2Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, no run, flatter delivery and just outside off, Stirling mistimes the drive back to the bowler after using his feet4.1Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, no run, stifled appeal for LBW, but turned down. Pushed through and sliding down leg, Stirling misses out with the tuck. As it was sliding down leg, the umpire does not answer the appeal in the affirmative3.6Bilal Khan to Stirling, 1 run, low full toss and zooming in on the stumps, Stirling bunts it down to mid-on and scampers across. He had to run around the bowler, but no damage done3.5Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, yorker length and on the stumps, squeezed out to mid-on3.4Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, full length delivery that shapes away from Stirling, he again tries to drive with cemented feet and the ball snakes past the outside edge3.3Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, hmm, late swing for Bilal. I have not seen that today. Good length delivery that veers away from Stirling, he looks to drive without his front foot moving across towards the ball and is beaten on the outside edge3.2Bilal Khan to Stirling, FOUR, shorter in length and asking to be hammered. Bilal did not bend his back to bowl it with a good burst of pace. As a result, Stirling easily pulls it to the fine leg fence3.1Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, slightly back of a length and just outside off, Stirling aims to run it down to third man and ekes out an inside edge. Thankfully for him, it does not go on to shave the off-stump2.6Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, pushed through and on off-stump, Porterfield taps it to the right of the bowler, who makes a good stop2.5Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, 1 run, the slider from Lalcheta, clipped to mid-wicket2.4Ajay Lalcheta to Stirling, FOUR, Stirling dances down the track, makes room slightly and drives it past the diving extra cover fielder and collects a boundary. No need to run for those2.3Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, 1 run, pushed through and just outside off, Porterfield chops it to mid-off and picks up a quick single2.2Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, Porterfield tries to reverse sweep a very full delivery, but can't connect2.1Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, muted appeal for stumping, but I think Porterfield's back-heel was inside the crease. Slower through the air and just outside off, Porterfield thinks of coming down the wicket in an attempt to drill it through the off-side, but misses. His back foot was inside the crease. As a result, the TV umpire was not beckoned1.6Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, very full and on the stumps, Stirling squeezes it out to cover-point1.5Bilal Khan to Stirling, FOUR, Stirling is known for playing on the up in the County circles. A tad fuller and just outside off, Stirling takes a baby step forward and uses the punchy-drive to bisect the gap through cover and the ball bullets to the fence1.4Bilal Khan to Stirling, no run, short of length delivery and just outside off, patted to point1.3Bilal Khan to Porterfield, 3 runs, mediocred with width, Porterfield uses the lofted drive and it scurries towards the sweeper cover fence. But the fielder at cover runs after it and slides to flick the ball back into play. Another fielder fires in a throw, but can't stop the pair from pinching three runs1.2Bilal Khan to Stirling, 1 run, good length delivery and on the stumps, Stirling clips it to mid-wicket and scampers across1.1Bilal Khan to Stirling, FOUR, fuller length delivery and angled away from Stirling, he nicely drives on the up and pierces the gap through the cover-region with needlepoint precision. As a result of that shot, the lone slip has been taken outBilal Khan, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack0.6Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, pushed through and Lalcheta shifts his line to outside off, Porterfield plonks his front foot and aims to slap it through the off-side, but can only connect thin air. Maiden over to start with for Oman. Bright start for the newcomers0.5Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, stump-to-stump line from Lalcheta, pushed back towards the bowler0.4Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, flatter trajectory and on the stumps, Porterfield prods forward and taps it to backward point0.3Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, again slightly shorter in length, Porterfield mistimes the cut towards cover0.2Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, pushed through and just outside off, Porterfield tamely pokes at it and the ball whooshes past the outside edge0.1Ajay Lalcheta to Porterfield, no run, from round the wicket, Lalcheta drags it down, cut to cover. Porterfield is very strong in that area and Lalcheta should be careful of offering him widthPorterfield and Stirling are at the crease. Porterfield is on strike. Ajay Lalcheta will open the attackThe formalities have been dispensed with. The Oman setup is in a huddle. They will be looking to put up a spirited challenge. Lalcheta has the new nut in his hand. He has a task on his hand as he is up against the experienced duo of Porterfield and Stirling. He has a lone slip in placeThe players are out in the middle for the customary National Anthems.Pitch report: "Well, I still feel it is 65-35 in the favour of the batsmen. You still feel a little bit of chill out here. I have seen Ireland's bowlers bowl with brisk pace. Can Oman's batsmen face up to the challenge of Ireland's pacers? Oman will be depending on their spinners. They have nothing to lose, but Ireland have a reputation to protect," reckons Rameez RajaTeams:Oman (Playing XI): Zeeshan Maqsood, Jatinder Singh, Adnan Ilyas, Aamir Kaleem, Mehran Khan, Amir Ali, Sultan Ahmed(w/c), Khawar Ali, Munis Ansari, Bilal Khan, Ajay LalchetaIreland (Playing XI): William Porterfield(c), Paul Stirling, Gary Wilson, Niall O'Brien(w), Kevin O'Brien, Andrew Poynter, Max Sorensen, Andy McBrine, Tim Murtagh, Boyd Rankin, Craig YoungSultan: "Definitely a big moment for Oman team. Very happy for all of us. We have a very good balanced side with spinners and pacers. Will be a good contest."Porterfield: "We're going to have a bat first. The temperature goes down a few degrees when the light comes on so we'll see how it goes. Will try to put up a good total on the board."Ireland have won the toss and have opted to batIreland are a well settled unit and they will relish the cold conditions at Dharamsala, which will get colder during night. The team boasts of some impressive names in their ranks and will be relying on the pace and bounce of Boyd Rankin. Oman's brand of cricket, which does not even mind mankading to notch up a win, might have drawn flak by some purists in the cricket fraternity but it is the kind of attitude which will help them throw punches heavier than their weight. Toss and team updates coming your way...Good evening all, Bangladesh held their nerves against Netherlands to register a win in the first match of the day. The action continues as Ireland face Oman in the second encounter. Ireland and Oman's journeys in world cricket have been as contrasting as they could get. Ireland have been upsetting the apple-cart at 50-over World Cups for the past few events. While for Oman, it is going to be the first taste of such a big candy. What makes for an exciting fact is that these two teams have never locked horns in an international game before. But modern day cricket equipped with video analysts takes this metric out of the equation. Having qualified for the event for the first time, Oman have the firepower to sneak into the main round of the event. However, they still need a stroke of luck for their dreams to come true.Preview:

The second favourite in the group has made it a habit of not only making it to the the ICC events but also consistently challenging and even defeating a lot of the full members.

Their squad contains a core group who have had considerable experience of playing at this level and the challenges of the the first round. That they have managed to consistently field the same core group holds them in good stead and raises expectations of rising to their own benchmarks.

The likes of Kevin O'Brien, Boyd Rankin and George Dockrell will be watched with considerable interest given how their reputation has burgeoned after doing well in previous ICC tournaments.

The left-field team from the group. Oman's rise to this stage is seen as a major achievement by the team itself. The team largely consists of players who moved out of Pakistan and India. They made it through to this round after defeating Namibia in the qualifying round. They represent a team that can afford to play with a little more freedom than the other three in the group. 

Any progress will be seen as significant strides made for cricket in the country. Their players seem to be soaking in the occasion with many of them happy to oblige media persons while their team-mates double up as cameramen. With little pressure on the team members themselves, it gives them a good platform to go out and express themselves freely.