Afghanistan fought. Showed a lot of spirit. But sometimes it isn't all. Sri Lanka were superior with the bat and Dilshan's experience came to the fore. That's it from this game. Tomorrow is a double header which will kick off with a mouth-watering Trans-Tasman clash in the mountains. Hope to have you onboard for it. See you!Mathews: "It was a much needed victory for us. We haven't played well in the past. Bowlers bowled well early on and then credit to Afghanistan batsmen for playing well. The attitude in the practice games was superb and we just had to go out there and express ourselves. We are not looking too far ahead. Just want to take it game by game. Can do wonders if we click as a unit."Stanikzai: "The total was 10-15 short. And Dilshan played well. Unfortunately we had 3-4 fielding lapses which cost us as well. The pressure is there when playing big teams. Hope we do well moving forward. We have a message of thanks for the President as they sent our ministers and Parliament members to support us."Dilshan: "Two games and two ducks in the warmups. Needed some runs and really happy that I was able to stay not out and finish it off. 150 was a good total, wicket was slow and the spinners found turn. Later it became slightly easier with the dew factor. They had quality bowlers but we batted well and the running between wickets was good. Didn't try anything fancy in the first 10-15 overs. Just looked to have partnerships. When you come to these kind of tournaments, it's important to get runs in the first match. Senior guys need to stand up and then youngsters can bat around us. Looking forward to next game."Dilshan is Man of the MatchNeither are Afghanistan mere integers this World T20 nor have they braved 1500 miles to be number-making gnomes. Having motored to the Super 10s, they did start all intimidated but then recovered courtesy captain Stanikzai's fifty to post a par score. In response, Sri Lanka hopped past Afghanistan's starting spin whammy and then Dilshan, the Dilscooping Dilshan of old, let loose. The chase threatened to mutate into a mere formality until Afghanistan hit back with spin. Nabi outfoxed Chandimal and Rashid Khan re-ridiculed his age to consume Thirimanne. Dilshan's 56-ball 83 mocked a slow pitch and the match looked all but won when Mathews announced himself with a six. The Afghan wheels then came off, the full tosses and misfields clawed back in and Sri Lanka strolled to a reassuring win.The players line up for handshakes and Dilshan is being heartily applauded by his teammates. 39-year old Tillakaratne Dilshan. Still going strong18.5Hamid to Dilshan, FOUR, and Dilshan finishes it. Receives a full toss and buries it through mid-wicket before punching the air and bellowing in delight. He's been brilliant on a night where Afghanistan put up a threatening score which could have proved as a banana skin18.4Hamid to Dilshan, 2 runs, slices a yorker in front of third man and is on the lookout for two straightaway, Mathews is slow to take off and then has to really put the skates on as the throw is at his end18.3Hamid to Mathews, 1 run, nudged to long-on18.2Hamid to Dilshan, 1 run, very full on middle, whipped to long-on18.1Hamid to Dilshan, FOUR, Afghanistan have slackened now. Devoid of all belief. Half-volley outside off, driven powerfully past extra-coverHamid Hassan [3.0-0-26-0] is back into the attack17.6Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, 1 run, trademark Dilshan drive with front leg out of the frame, finds cover and scampers through. The throw is at the striker's end where Mathews is gone but for a direct-hit17.5Dawlat Zadran to Mathews, 1 run, follows him as he moves to leg with a very high full toss, Mathews uses the pace on it and steers it through the vacant point region. Surprised that hasn't been called for height17.4Dawlat Zadran to Mathews, FOUR, whips a low full toss wide of long-on. Jeez, he's playing a blinder. 19 off 8 and has anything but sealed it17.3Dawlat Zadran to Mathews, FOUR, oh another fielding lapse. Mathews didn't deserve anything for that. Jabbed at a back of a length delivery half-heartedly outside off, runs it off a thick outside edge fine of third man where Gulbadin makes good ground and slides but lets it pass despite getting a hand17.3Dawlat Zadran to Mathews, wide, tries to catch him off-guard with a bumper but it's too short. Sails over the half-crouched form of the Lankan skipper17.2Dawlat Zadran to Mathews, no run, Mathews is in a spin here, worried that the ball might trickle back to the stumps. Backs away and then chops a near yorker off the inside edge onto his body. Imparts enough back spin that it veers away from the direction of the timber17.1Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, 1 run, full toss with a hint of reverse on off, Dilshan swings it to deep mid-wicketDawlat Zadran [2.0-0-19-0] is back into the attackUseful couple of blows from the skipper. How valuable is he in a run-chase! 23 off 18. Sri Lanka should walk this16.6Rashid Khan to Mathews, FOUR, picks the googly which is dropped short, jumps back and pulverizes the pull. Beats the diving deep mid-wicket fielder to his right16.5Rashid Khan to Mathews, no run, way too wide outside off, and Mathews is still slogging to leg. Turns away further and beats the bat by a distance. Looked close on the wide actually16.4Rashid Khan to Mathews, no run, tries an encore. This one is the googly though. Spins in and past the inside edge16.3Rashid Khan to Mathews, SIX, Mathews breaks the tension. It's Sri Lanka's game from here. Moves across slightly before getting into position and slog-sweeps it over cow corner16.2Rashid Khan to Dilshan, 1 run, flat-bats the drive wide of long-off and stays happy with a single16.1Rashid Khan to Dilshan, no run, he's tried those reverse-swats more than once, and don't think he's fetched much from them. Again mistimes it to backward pointRashid Khan [3.0-0-16-1] is back into the attack15.6Nabi to Dilshan, 1 run, very full outside off, drilled to deep point15.5Nabi to Dilshan, FOUR, that's twice now that a shocking effort in the deep has converted a single into a boundary. And both have been off full tosses. Dilshan swings it behind square straight to the fielder who doesn't even get a hand. And then cuts a puzzled figure15.4Nabi to Dilshan, no run, he's focussing on bowling yorkers now. Executes it well and contains Dilshan15.3Nabi to Mathews, 1 run, facing his first ball, Mathews is offered a full toss and he only punches it to long-on15.2Nabi to Dilshan, 1 run, another quick and full dart on the stumps, worked to long-onAngelo Mathews, right handed bat, comes to the crease15.1Nabi to Dilshan, out Kapugedera Run Out!! Now that's one way to do it. Make the fellow at the non-striker's end pay for backing up too far. No, don't worry. No Mankad involved. Dilshan squeezes it back down the pitch, and Nabi escorts the ball quite deliberately towards the stumps. Kapugedara is well short. Kapugedera run out (Nabi) 10(9) [4s-1]Nabi to Dilshan, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!Mohammad Nabi [3.0-1-18-1] is back into the attackFive overs left. 41 needed. And with 7 wickets in hand, it should be a doddle from here especially if Dilshan stays there14.6Hamid to Kapugedera, FOUR, once Kapugedera picks the slower ball, the rest of the task is too easy. Sits up to be hit from a back of a length, and he slogs it over a leaping mid-wicket14.5Hamid to Dilshan, 1 run, spears it into the blockhole just outside off, sliced wide of backward point14.4Hamid to Kapugedera, 1 run, patted in front of backward point for a quick single and Dilshan makes his crease despite some stunning acrobatics from the fielder to effect a direct hit14.3Hamid to Dilshan, 1 run, very full just outside off, Dilshan tries to drill it hard but squeezes it off the toe-end wide of cover14.2Hamid to Dilshan, SIX, full toss and swiped away over deep mid-wicket. Someone is caught napping in the crowd and is hit on the chest. Ouch! That man is rubbing his chest right now and seems to be okay14.1Hamid to Kapugedera, 1 run, too close to play with a horizontal bat, tries to dab it into the off-side and chops it off an under-edge past leg-stump and in front of Shahzad. Dilshan is desperate for strike and scampers through. Direct hit might have been closeHamid Hassan [2.0-0-12-0] is back into the attack13.6Rashid Khan to Dilshan, FOUR, Rashid gets away with a juicy full toss. Oh no, he doesn't. Dilshan swung it straight to deep mid-wicket and the fielder lets it sneak through. Inzi shakes his head in the dugout. He should be having sympathy though given his glorified past on the field13.5Rashid Khan to Kapugedera, 1 run, swept wide of long-on for a single13.4Rashid Khan to Dilshan, 1 run, googly turning in from outside off, Dilshan hops to leg and punches to extra-cover13.3Rashid Khan to Dilshan, no run, attempts a reverse slap to a quicker ball just outside off, skids on and past him before he knows it. Had to be alert and not overbalance as Shahzad is waiting13.2Rashid Khan to Kapugedera, 1 run, flatter on off, Kapugedera goes back and short-arm pulls it in front of deep mid-wicket. The fielder has some ground to cover but the settle for the single13.1Rashid Khan to Kapugedera, no run, generously tossed up, Kapugedera tries a massive slog-sweep from outside off, and is done in by the extra-bounceRashid Khan [2.0-0-9-1] is back into the attack12.6Shenwari to Kapugedera, 1 run, oh so frustrating. Glanced straight to short fine leg who fires an unnecessarily wide throw to beat the keeper12.5Shenwari to Kapugedera, no run, quicker and fuller outside off, Kapugedera aims a cover-drive but the ball grips and skirts past his edge12.4Shenwari to Dilshan, 1 run, tucks it through mid-wicket and then looks heaven-ward as a brilliant fifty is brought up. Really, he has to be the one to carry them home12.3Shenwari to Dilshan, FOUR, Shenwari has drawn the error but has to cruelly see a four against his name. Drew Dilshan into a drive well away from the body, made him reach out and then found turn. Dilshan goes hard and slices it between backward point and short third man12.2Shenwari to Kapugedera, 1 run, sticks in the pitch from a shortish length on off, and Kapugedera's whip pops up in the air wide of long-on. Landed well in front and wide of the fielderChamara Kapugedera, right handed bat, comes to the crease12.1Shenwari to Dilshan, out T Perera Run Out!! We have gone upstairs for a run-out check. Dilshan misses with his pull down leg, or maybe gets some pad, and Shahzad fumbles too. The ball doesn't ricochet very far from him though. Still the batsmen are intent to sneak in a run. Shahzad runs back, collects and fires the stumps down at the striker's end to find Perera's bat on the line. T Perera run out (Mohammad Shahzad) 12(8) [6s-1]Shenwari to Dilshan, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!11.6Nabi to Dilshan, 1 run, fires in a full toss and is flicked to deep mid-wicket11.5Nabi to Dilshan, 2 runs, Dilshan is working this beautifully. Keeping the run-rate in check and allowing Perera to do the teeing off business. Softly clipped through square leg and an easy two11.4Nabi to Dilshan, 2 runs, moves across the stumps to a ball which is anyway slipping down leg, runs it fine off the inside edge onto pad, and collects a brace before it's hounded down11.3Nabi to T Perera, 1 run, sizes up the full dart and drills it to long-off11.2Nabi to Dilshan, 1 run, plonks his leg across, and has to play round the front pad as Nabi kept it straight, flicks it through mid-wicket11.1Nabi to T Perera, 1 run, sliding on from round the wicket towards middle and leg, worked to long-onMohammad Nabi [2.0-1-10-1] is back into the attackWhat should have been a brilliant over is ruined by the extras. 77 from 54. On this pitch, it's tricky10.6Shenwari to T Perera, 1 run, darted on the pads, clipped through square leg10.5Shenwari to T Perera, byes, FOUR, winds up after seeing the flight, tries to heave it from well outside off, but the sharp turn beats him. Rips past the inside edge. But it's accounted for Shahzad as well. Runs away10.4Shenwari to Dilshan, 1 run, goes back and punches it to extra-cover who is at the edge of the circle10.3Shenwari to Dilshan, no run, patted to the left of the bowler who moves across to field10.2Shenwari to Dilshan, no run, tossed up very wide of off, reaches out for a booming drive, and some turn means he finds a thick edge. Rolls towards short third man10.1Shenwari to Dilshan, no run, flatter in trajectory which makes Dilshan think it is short enough to cut. It's not. Sneaks through to the keeperSamiullah Shenwari, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack9.6Sadiq to T Perera, SIX, there's the brutality of Perera. Clears the front leg as Sadiq fires it full, swings through the line and it flies away towards the sightscreen9.5Sadiq to Dilshan, 1 run, plonks his front leg across to cover the line and wrists it to long-on9.4Sadiq to T Perera, 1 run, darted in very full on off, softly driven to long-off9.3Sadiq to Dilshan, 1 run, clipped through mid-wicket9.2Sadiq to T Perera, 1 run, waits on the back foot allowing the arm-ball to skid in, punches it to long-on9.1Sadiq to Dilshan, 1 run, takes a couple of steps out of the crease, converts it into a full toss and swings it from outside off through mid-wicketKarim Sadiq [1.0-0-10-0] is back into the attackLooks fairly even at this stage. Another wicket for Afghanistan and they would be on top. Whereas a partnership here will put Sri Lanka on top.8.6Rashid Khan to Dilshan, 1 run, lobs up the wrong 'un with a lot of confidence outside off, too full to trouble Dilshan who drives it to long-off8.5Rashid Khan to T Perera, 1 run, squirts the drive off the outside edge as he doesn't read the googly, through the vacant point regionThisara Perera, left handed bat, comes to the crease8.4Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, out Bowled!! Rashid is standing there with his right hand pointing skyward. More anger than delight. Bowls this quicker outside off, has Thirimanne reaching out to drive, and it grips slightly to take the inside edge back onto the timber. Thirimanne b Rashid Khan 6(13) [4s-1]Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!8.3Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, picks the googly and chops it to backward point8.2Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, FOUR, it's the googly turning away from middle, doesn't matter where it turns as Thirimanne is on one knee looking to slog-sweep. Hits it well and hits it wide of long-on. Lands on the half-volley8.1Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, looped up, doesn't dip enough and ends up as a full toss, sliced to cover. Went very hard on the drive, fluffed it7.6Nabi to Thirimanne, 1 run, waits on the front foot, allows the flighted ball to turn and then pushes it through the covers7.5Nabi to Dilshan, 1 run, very full and nudged down to long-on7.4Nabi to Dilshan, FOUR, moves to leg while using the depth of the crease, creates his own length, waits on the ball and late-cuts it past backward point. Dilshan is looking ominous..7.3Nabi to Dilshan, 2 runs, brilliant running again. Tucks it through square leg and well in front of the deep fielder7.2Nabi to Dilshan, no run, tries a reverse-swat, and is hit on the arm as the ball bounces more to loop over the bat7.1Nabi to Dilshan, 2 runs, nurdled behind square and Dilshan knows he has hit it softly, hares back for the second despite his partner having to put in the dive6.6Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, quicker through the air and turning in on off, Thirimanne is rushed. Crouches belatedly and chops it off the inside edge into the off-side while originally looking to cut6.5Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, lots of turn with the wrong 'un, pitches outside leg and ends up outside off, Thirimanne has enough time to pick it off the deck and block6.4Rashid Khan to Dilshan, 1 run, lobs a full toss on the stumps and is broomed behind square by a sweeping Dilshan, the man at deep backward square flits across and slides to stop6.3Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 1 run, has to shuffle towards off to pick a googly and work it through mid-wicket6.2Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, massive appeal from both bowler and keeper as Thirimanne is struck on the pad. It's pitched just outside leg, and then turns slightly to take it further down though6.1Rashid Khan to Dilshan, 1 run, he does this with his first over as far as I have seen in the Qualifiers, drops it short slightly. Enough time for Dilshan to adjust for the turn and nudge it down to long-onRashid Khan, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack5.6Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, nice indrift from round the wicket, wobbles in with the arm towards middle and leg and Thirimanne is well forward in defence with bat in front of pad5.5Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, skips out, doesn't get to the pitch and bunts it wide of cover who dives to stop5.4Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, well well well! He's got one to rip past the edge. Darted it on a length on middle drawing Thirimanne forward in defence, then grips sharply and beats the bat by miles5.3Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, looped up outside off, too full and Thirimanne lunges towards it and drives to coverLahiru Thirimanne, left handed bat, comes to the creaseA slip for the leftie..5.2Nabi to Chandimal, out Caught by Shenwari!! Stanikzai turns to Nabi and he accounts for Chandimal with his second ball. Smart bowling. Held the length back and pushed it quicker as Chandimal springs out of the crease, then goes through with a slog and spoons a simple catch to mid-wicket after squirting it off the inside half. Chandimal c Shenwari b Nabi 18(17) [4s-2 6s-1]Nabi to Chandimal, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!5.1Nabi to Chandimal, no run, nudged with the turn towards mid-wicketMohammad Nabi, right-arm off break, comes into the attack4.6Dawlat Zadran to Chandimal, 1 run, almost a yorker on middle, dinked in front of mid-on for a quick single4.5Dawlat Zadran to Chandimal, FOUR, shortish and Chandimal has laid waste to it past a flying mid-wicket fielder. Hits the pull hard and though it's in the air, it's wide of that man4.4Dawlat Zadran to Chandimal, no run, what does he have for legs? Titanium plated planks? Chandimal has absolutely hammered the drive down the pitch after advancing, Dawlat sticks out a boot and parries it to mid-off. Then uses the same boot to stop the throw from the fielder. Doesn't even grimace in pain4.3Dawlat Zadran to Chandimal, no run, pacy back of a length delivery with a hint of tail towards middle, Chandimal stays rooted and blocks it back4.2Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, 1 run, angled in towards leg, worked in front of mid-on4.1Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, no run, goes stretching outside off to slice a yorker but can't lay batVery assured start from Sri Lanka. Should settle the nerves.3.6Hamid to Chandimal, no run, another near yorker which Chandimal can only squeeze into the on-side3.5Hamid to Dilshan, 1 run, jams the yorker in front of mid-on and Hamid has a cheeky "why don't you scoop that?" gesture to make as he runs past him3.4Hamid to Dilshan, no run, full and hammered. Finds extra-cover. Really hit the half-volley hard but couldn't thread the field3.3Hamid to Dilshan, FOUR, flogged over mid-wicket. That's a full toss though. Not too challenging for Dilshan who whirls his wrists furiously to pick it from off and deposit it away3.2Hamid to Dilshan, FOUR, Dilshan is premeditating the slog to leg, but has to hold his shot, then go down on one knee to fetch it from outside off as Hamid takes all the pace off. Doesn't hit it too well, but well enough to clear mid-wicket3.1Hamid to Chandimal, 1 run, shortish outside off and is ramped over backward point down towards third man2.6Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, no run, a smashing yorker just outside off, too quick for Dilshan. He tries a drive but the ball is through to the keeper. That's not a play and miss. Rather a miss and play2.5Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, no run, slower short ball outside off, sticks in the pitch and bounces spongily to loop over Dilshan's upper-cut2.4Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, SIX, this indicates his state of mind. He's up for the challenge and brings out the Dilscoop. Sits on the back knee while moving towards off with the front foot, picks it from a good length and just trampolines it over his left shoulder. Goes all the way2.3Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, SIX, he's now standing outside off even as Dawlat is running in. Drops it slightly short and Dilshan swings it away over square leg with a pull2.2Dawlat Zadran to Dilshan, no run, slightly short of length and Dilshan's mind says pull. But the bounce isn't anywhere near accomodating. Scoots under the attempt to hit the back thighA slip in place2.1Dawlat Zadran to Chandimal, 1 run, a gentle wobbler on a back of a length curling away outside off, dabbed to third manDawlat Zadran, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack1.6Hamid to Dilshan, no run, Hamid is getting a lot more from this pitch due to his height and the extra pace. Pounds it on a short of length, Dilshan slashes and misses due to the bounce1.5Hamid to Dilshan, no run, tries to dab a back of a length delivery for a single but is late on the attempt as the ball skids through him before he knows it1.4Hamid to Dilshan, no run, gets hurried by the full toss while trying to go hard on the drive, mistimes it towards Hamid who makes a half-stop1.3Hamid to Chandimal, 1 run, short of length just outside off, Chandimal stands on his toes and runs it down to third man1.2Hamid to Chandimal, no run, that's taken flight from a length outside off. Out of nowhere. Chandimal committed to an expansive cover drive but couldn't have anticipated the bounce. Zooms over his edge1.1Hamid to Dilshan, 1 run, back of a length outside off, steered to third manHamid Hassan, right-arm fast, comes into the attackHere's Hamid with his hairband0.6Sadiq to Chandimal, no run, fired quicker and drifted across off, lands in the blockhole and is squeezed into the off-side0.5Sadiq to Chandimal, SIX, gallops down the track to get close enough to the ball and then whack it over mid-wicket. Chandimal is up and running..0.4Sadiq to Chandimal, FOUR, he has seen the length of the previous 3 deliveries, assessed that there won't be turn. Now goes down on one knee while moving across slightly and hits the sweep over backward square leg0.3Sadiq to Chandimal, no run, tucked to square leg0.2Sadiq to Chandimal, no run, a muffled appeal for LBW as Sadiq manages to hit the pad. But there is a hint of a deflection suggesting an inside edge0.1Sadiq to Chandimal, no run, flatter and skids on from a length on leg to take a soft leading edge back down the pitch. Chandimal played for turn which is never there with the new ballChandimal and Dilshan are at the crease. Chandimal is on strike. Sadiq will open the attackLooks like it will be spin to start. Karim Khan with his off-breaks. Here he goes from round the wicket..Sri Lanka must be stunned. There will be plenty of nerves. Afghanistan had run them close in the ODI World Cup last year, but the Lankan middle and lower middle order bailed them out. This team doesn't have the experience of that one. And Afghanistan won't make things any easy with their insurmountable spirit. Inzi is out on the field having a chat with some of his boys. Even the crowd has built up decently. Stanikzai has plenty to say in the huddle. Now they disperse to their positions.Stanikzai (62) is only the 2nd fifty plus score for Afghanistan against a full member nation. 1st one was by Noor Ali Zadran vs India on their #WT20 debut.Asghar Stanikzai (62) is the highest by an Afghan captain in T20Is. PB: 55* by himself v Scotland, Nagpur, 2016.Most runs by Afghanistan in overs 16-20 in #WT20: 77 v ZIM, Nagpur, 2016. 59 v SL, today. 44 v HK, Chittagong, 2014Here's all the stats from our man who specialises in it, Deepu Narayanan: Afghanistan scored 106 in their last 10 overs (11-20). Only once they scored more in #WT20 - 113 in their previous match against Zimbabwe.Shenwari: 'I think this is a fighting score, but feel we are 15 runs short. We will fight hard in the field, it will be a good chase. I was told to stay at the wicket, but this was a good wicket to bat on, I treated the bowling with merit, played the good ones and hit the bad ones. Hopefully, we will win.'Afghanistan have done exceptionally well to get a competitive total on the board. They were jolted early when they lost their man in form Mohammad Shahzad, miscuing a pull to mid-on. Despite a sedate start, Noor Ali Zadran and skipper Stanikzai kept the scorecard ticking before the old warhorse Rangana Herath struck in successive overs sending Zadran and Nabi back to the hutch. But Afghan captain Stanikzai hung around for a steady fifty, he was slow to get going but once he found able company in Shenwari, he let loose. Shenwari played a handy knock of 31. It was Najibullah's hefty blows towards the end that gave Afghanistan the much needed impetus.

Even though he conceded 13 runs in his final over, Herath crafted a fine spell, kept deceiving the Afghan batsmen with his spin. Chameera and Perera had a respectable outing. Sri Lanka were sloppy in the field, dropping a couple of easy catches. Can Afghanistan cause an upset? We'll get to know in a few minutes..19.6Kulasekara to Najibullah, 2 runs, another full toss from Kulasekara, Zadran was swinging hard, lost his shape in the process, ends up slicing it high and over extra cover, comes back for the second run. Afghanistan finish with 153/7, 106 runs from the last 10 overs19.5Kulasekara to Najibullah, FOUR, lovely shot, this is poor bowling from Kulasekara, full and wide outside off, missed his yorker once again, Zadran gets forward and thumps it through extra cover, one bounce and over the ropes19.4Kulasekara to Najibullah, SIX, that's some way to get going, width on offer from Kulasekara, missed his yorker there. Sat up to be smacked, Zadran carved it high and wide of cover, went sailing deep into the stands for a maximum19.3Kulasekara to Dawlat Zadran, 1 run, full and following Zadran as he backed away, driven towards long-on for a single19.2Kulasekara to Dawlat Zadran, 2 runs, that will go down as a chance, Chameera was the fielder at short fine. This was the slower delivery from Kulasekara, Zadran was early into the shot, the top-edge lobbed up in the air and behind square on the on-side. Chameera circled around the ball, he never looked like he would take it, just about got his fingertips and shelled it19.1Kulasekara to Dawlat Zadran, 2 runs, low full toss on Zadran's pads, clipped away in front of square on the on-side, the fielder at mid-wicket gets across, puts in the dive and saves a couple of runsNuwan Kulasekara [3.0-0-26-1] is back into the attackNajibullah Zadran, left handed bat, comes to the crease18.6T Perera to Stanikzai, out Caught by Chandimal!! The change in field has foxed Stanikzai, but he walks away to a huge round of applause from the Kolkata faithful. This was a full toss outside off, Stanikzai was eyeing the third man boundary, reversed his stance on the sweep, went off the face of the bat and lobbed in front of the keeper. Chandimal ran in, dives forward and holds on. Stanikzai c Chandimal b T Perera 62(47) [4s-3 6s-4]T Perera to Stanikzai, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Third man comes up, there's a deep extra cover, long-on and a deep point in place18.5T Perera to Stanikzai, FOUR, this is excellent cricket from Stanikzai, full and wide from Perera, missed his yorker by a fraction. Enough for Stanikzai as he gets inside the line, goes up and over cover, almost went all the way, bounced just in front of the ropes, another boundary for StanikzaiDawlat Zadran, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.4T Perera to Shafiqullah, out Caught by Thirimanne!! Shafiq goes for the glory shot and instead finds Thirimanne at deep mid-wicket. This was full and wide outside off, Shafiq was looking to clout it over mid-wicket, had to reach out a long way on the shot, doesn't get enough bat on it, went flat and hard, Thirimanne runs in, gets down low and completes the catch. Shafiqullah c Thirimanne b T Perera 5(7)T Perera to Shafiqullah, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!18.3T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, Stanikzai attempts a repeat of the previous shot, but doesn't get anywhere near the middle of the bat. Full and wide outside off, Stanikzai swings and gets a toe-end, wide of long-on for a single18.2T Perera to Stanikzai, SIX, massive from Stanikzai, too predictable from Perera, full and well outside off, missed the yorker there, Stanikzai stayed on the back foot, gets underneath the length and heaves it high and way over long-on for a maximum18.1T Perera to Shafiqullah, 1 run, the wide yorker from Perera, Shafiq reaches out and digs it out towards long-off for a runThisara Perera [3.0-0-21-1] is back into the attack17.6Chameera to Shafiqullah, 1 run, short of a good length and well outside off, Shafiq works it to the left of the diving backward point fielder, just a single to third man17.5Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, the slower ball from Chameera, Stanikzai pushes it to the right of cover-point for a single17.4Chameera to Shafiqullah, 1 run, short and on the stumps, hurried onto Shafiq's attempted pull, looked clumsy as he worked it towards square leg for a single17.4Chameera to Shafiqullah, wide, full toss down the leg-side, Chameera went for the yorker, ended up spraying down the leg-side, Shafiq was looking to help it on its way and missed, called as a wide17.3Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, fifty for Stanikzai, his third in T20Is, he gets a rousing reception from the dressing room, on a good length and on the stumps, nudged in front of square on the on-side for a single17.2Chameera to Shafiqullah, 1 run, short and just outside off, Shafiq was looking to help it on its way, gets a slight edge and the ball rolls away towards point, the batsmen run across for a quick single17.1Chameera to Shafiqullah, no run, on a good length and holding its line outside off, Shafiq was shuffling across on the tuck, closes the face of the bat and gets a soft edge - back towards the bowlerDushmantha Chameera [3.0-0-13-0] is back into the attack16.6Kulasekara to Stanikzai, FOUR, lovely shot, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Stanikzai gets forward and lifts it through the line, it went high and over the fielder, bounces once and rolls away past the ropes, Stanikzai is playing a captain's knock here16.5Kulasekara to Shafiqullah, 1 run, on a good length and on off, clipped away towards mid-wicket for a single16.4Kulasekara to Stanikzai, 1 run, that's a dolly from Stanikzai and Mathews has somehow dropped it, looks like he lost it in the lights, that's strange considering Mathews has played in Kolkata for his IPL franchise, this was a low full toss from Kulasekara, Stanikzai went hard on the drive, doesn't get anywhere near the middle of the bat, it went straight to extra cover, Mathews had it covered, suddenly he lost sight of the ball and drops itShafiqullah Shafiq, right handed bat, comes to the crease16.3Kulasekara to Shenwari, out Caught by T Perera!! Shenwari's fun filled 14-ball 31 run cameo ends, but how crucial will this contribution turn out to be? This was another wide slower delivery from Kulasekara, Shenwari had to reach out for the slog, doesn't get enough power behind the shot as he looked to clear the man at long-off. Thisara runs across to his left, settled himself under the ball and accepts the offering. A handy knock from Shenwari, he's given his team something to bowl at. Shenwari c T Perera b Kulasekara 31(14) [4s-3 6s-2]Kulasekara to Shenwari, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!16.2Kulasekara to Shenwari, SIX, it's a slower ball, it's a slog sweep and it goes all the way. Shenwari had his base set very early, got down on one knee, actually he was beaten for pace for a wee bit, but manages to muscle it from the middle of the bat as he adjusted his bat swing at the last moment, the ball flew away over deep mid-wicket16.1Kulasekara to Stanikzai, 1 run, yorker outside off stump, Stanikzai was making room to go big, but in the end had to calmly dig it out to pointNuwan Kulasekara [2.0-0-13-0] is back into the attack15.6T Perera to Shenwari, FOUR, what was that? A reverse pull from Shenwari, he fell flat on the ground as he lost balance after playing the shot, but managed to beat short third man for another boundary. This was the slower short ball from Perera, Shenwari was aiming for the third man boundary, gets the placement right and earns himself a boundary15.5T Perera to Shenwari, FOUR, that's powerfully struck by Shenwari, length delivery outside off, Shenwari gets forward and drilled it back towards the bowler, he did well to get his legs out of the firing way. The two men in the deep can't get across either15.4T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, another low full toss from Perera, eased down towards long-on for a single15.3T Perera to Stanikzai, no run, low full-toss from Perera, punched back at the bowler. Shenwari was backing up, he turns around and dives into his crease. Perera doesn't shy at the stumps though15.2T Perera to Shenwari, 1 run, on a length and well outside off, driven down towards long-off for a single15.1T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, full toss from Perera, Stanikzai swings hard and muscles it wide of mid-wicket for a singleThisara Perera [2.0-0-10-1] is back into the attack14.6Herath to Shenwari, no run, loud shout for LBW, was it going down the leg-side? Was there an inside edge on that? Umpire Oxenford says no to the pleading appeal from Herath, pushed through by Herath, Shenwari fell over as he looked to work it towards the on-side and missed, might have just been clipping the leg-stump14.5Herath to Shenwari, SIX, massive, this is brutal hitting from the Afghans, Herath is taking a hitting in his final over, flighted and on the stumps, Shenwari went down low, gets underneath the delivery and sweeps it high and over backward square leg for a maximum14.4Herath to Stanikzai, 1 run, tossed up and on off, Stanikzai goes down and clubs it towards long-on, went to the fielder on the bounce14.3Herath to Stanikzai, SIX, that will go down as a chance, Thirimanne was the man in front of the ropes at deep mid-wicket, he went with both hands to his right and allowed the ball to burst through his fingers, this was tossed up and on the stumps, Stanikzai went down on his knee and clubbed it flatter and just over Thirimanne's head14.2Herath to Stanikzai, no run, very full and on the stumps, Stanikzai comes down the track and drives it back at the bowler14.1Herath to Stanikzai, no run, flatter and just outside off, Stanikzai was coming forward, then goes back and cuts it towards cover-pointRangana Herath [3.0-0-11-2] is back into the attack13.6Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Stanikzai pushes it to the right of point for a single13.5Chameera to Shenwari, 1 run, full and wide from Chameera, almost a half volley, drilled towards deep cover for a single13.4Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, change of pace from Chameera, the slower leg-cutter outside off, chopped away off the inner half of the bat, just a single to backward point13.4Chameera to Stanikzai, wide, another bouncer from Chameera, Stanikzai was ready for this, went back and looked to pull it over square leg, beaten by the height. The umpire reckons it's a bit too high, called as well13.3Chameera to Stanikzai, no run, the bouncer from Chameera, Stanikzai was on the front foot, he has to hurriedly get his head away from the ball as he swayed away13.2Chameera to Shenwari, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, driven on the up towards long-on for a single13.1Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, short of a good length and on off, Stanikzai was setting himself up for the heave, changes his decision and works it past square leg for a singleDushmantha Chameera [2.0-0-7-0] is back into the attack12.6Siriwardana to Stanikzai, 1 run, flatter and on Stanikzai's pads, tucked away uppishly and behind square on the on-side for a single, 16 from the over, expensive one for Sri Lanka12.5Siriwardana to Stanikzai, SIX, this is even better! This was tossed up wider outside off, Stanikzai uses his reach to good effect, gets to the pitch of the ball and thumps it high and back over the bowler's head, went sailing over the ropes for back-to-back sixes12.4Siriwardana to Stanikzai, SIX, lovely shot, a little shimmy down the track, Stanikzai gets close to the pitch of the ball, plays against the spin and shovels it high and over mid-wicket for a massive six12.3Siriwardana to Shenwari, 1 run, turn for Siriwardana, the ball gripped off the surface as well, Shenwari waits on it and nudges it in front of square on the on-side for a single12.2Siriwardana to Stanikzai, 1 run, pushed through flatter and quicker as Stanikzai threatened to come down the track, worked wide of mid-on for a run12.1Siriwardana to Shenwari, 1 run, flatter and wider from Siriwardana, Shenwari goes hard on the cut and chops it to the right point for a singleMilinda Siriwardana, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attack11.6T Perera to Shenwari, 1 run, short and on the stumps, Shenwari swivels across, rolls his wrists around and pulled it behind square on the on-side for a single11.5T Perera to Shenwari, FOUR, cracking shot, width on offer from Perera, Shenwari gets on top of the bounce and jabs it behind square on the off-side, beats third man to his right. Much needed boundary for Afghanistan11.4T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, Perera goes for the yorker, ends up offering a low full toss, flicked away towards long-on for a single11.3T Perera to Shenwari, 1 run, short and wide fom Perera, Shenwari chops it hard onto the ground, just a single to deep cover11.2T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, back of a length slower delivery outside off, chopped down towards third man for a single11.1T Perera to Stanikzai, no run, another slower delivery from Perera, Stanikzai was pushing forward with hard hands, the ball lobs off the splice of the bat, drops well in front of the bowlerSamiullah Shenwari, right handed bat, comes to the crease10.6Herath to Nabi, out Lbw!! Now, Afghanistan find themselves in deep trouble. This was the slider from Herath, straightened after pitching around middle, might have stayed a tad low as well. Nabi was looking to work it towards the on-side, ended up playing all around it and missed, gets struck low on the pads. The impact was in front of middle and it would have crashed into the stumps, easy call for umpire Oxenford. Nabi lbw b Herath 3(4)Herath to Nabi, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!10.5Herath to Stanikzai, 1 run, rare bad ball from Herath, full toss on the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single10.4Herath to Stanikzai, no run, Herath drifts one on off, Stanikzai gets well forward and blocks10.3Herath to Nabi, 1 run, slower and wider outside off, eased past cover-point for a run10.2Herath to Stanikzai, 1 run, Herath keeps it very full and outside off as Stanikzai came down the track, Stanikzai almost yorked himself as he jammed hard onto the ball, gets an inside edge past square leg10.1Herath to Nabi, 1 run, tossed up and just outside off, Nabi comes down the track and works it in front of square on the on-side for a single9.6T Perera to Stanikzai, no run, the slower ball from Perera, he rolled his fingers around it, Stanikzai spots it early, goes back and defends it with a straight bat9.5T Perera to Stanikzai, no run, yorker length delivery and on the stumps, Stanikzai gets his leg out of the way and digs it back towards the bowler9.4T Perera to Nabi, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Nabi plays with an open face and runs it down towards third manMohammad Nabi, right handed bat, comes to the crease9.3T Perera to Sadiq, out Caught by Chandimal!! Sadiq's patience runs out, Afghanistan have lost their third wicket. A nothing shot from Sadiq, came charging down the track and was looking to swing it over mid-wicket, gets a huge audible nick and it's a simple catch for Chandimal. The dreaded finger goes up and Sadiq falls after a 7-ball duck. Sadiq c Chandimal b T Perera 0(7)T Perera to Sadiq, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!9.2T Perera to Sadiq, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Sadiq takes a step down the track and defends it towards backward point, wants a single and is sent back9.1T Perera to Stanikzai, 1 run, low full toss from Perera, Stanikzai goes hard on the drive and mistimes it towards mid-off, just a singleThisara Perera, right-arm medium, comes into the attack8.6Herath to Sadiq, no run, flighted and just outside off, Sadiq gets well forward as he blocks, just one extra and a wicket from the over8.5Herath to Sadiq, no run, tad quicker and flatter from Herath, a hint of some spin as well, Sadiq was attempting the late cut and missed, almost edged it into the keeper's gloves8.4Herath to Sadiq, no run, flighted delivery and on off, Sadiq gets a big stride forward in defence8.3Herath to Sadiq, no run, slow turner from Herath, fraction shorter in length and spinning away from outside off, Sadiq was half forward as he pushed and missed - by a long way8.2Herath to Sadiq, no run, the reverse sweep first ball, Sadiq gets down low, doesn't connect properly with the shot and the ball rolls towards cover8.2Herath to Sadiq, wide, Herath tosses one down the leg-stump, Sadiq looks to tuck it fine and misses, called as a wideKarim Sadiq, right handed bat, comes to the crease8.1Herath to Ali Zadran, out Bowled!! Cleaned up! Zadran's been bowled round his legs, he looks puzzled as he walks away. Another soft dismissal for an Afghan batsman, this was very full and on the leg-stump line, Zadran went a long way across on the sweep, exposed his leg-stump in the process. He missed his shot and the ball found its target, Herath strikes, but doesn't react too much - as is the norm. Ali Zadran b Herath 20(23) [4s-3]Herath to Ali Zadran, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!7.6Chameera to Stanikzai, no run, full and slanting into Stanikzai's pads, he was early into the tuck, almost closed the bat face and gets a soft leading edge that rolls towards Dilshan at backward point7.5Chameera to Ali Zadran, leg byes, 1 run, appeal for LBW, but the height might have been an issue. Zadran shuffled across to a straight ball as he looked to whip and missed, gets hit high on the pads, the impact was in front of middle, but the angle might have been taking it down leg as well7.4Chameera to Ali Zadran, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Zadran presses forward with an angled bat and gets an inside edge back towards the bowler7.3Chameera to Ali Zadran, no run, the bouncer from Chameera, Zadran got inside the line and was looking to help it past the keeper, misses it completely. He thought it was too high, but the umpire calls it as one for the over7.2Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, extra bounce for Chameera, might have been the slower ball. Stanikzai was on the back foot as he pushed his bat in front, it lobs in front of cover-point and the batsmen hare across for the single7.1Chameera to Stanikzai, no run, on a good length and angling back into Stanikzai, he made room outside leg, cleared his left leg and swung hard, might have got an inside edge onto the thigh pad6.6Herath to Stanikzai, 1 run, nice drift from Herath, pitches this one well outside off and threatens to rip back in, Stanikzai was lunging forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge behind square on the on-side6.5Herath to Stanikzai, no run, pushed through flatter and quicker, Stanikzai goes back and prods it back towards the bowler6.4Herath to Stanikzai, no run, flighted delivery and on off, slower through the air as well, Stanikzai prods forward and blocks6.3Herath to Stanikzai, no run, nicely bowled by Herath, tossed this one slower and just outside off, lures Stanikzai into the forward push before beating him with the ripping turn6.2Herath to Stanikzai, FOUR, that's clubbed by Stanikzai, shimmies down the track, gets close to the pitch of the ball and heaves it over mid-wicket, a couple of bounces and over the ropes6.1Herath to Ali Zadran, 1 run, flighted delivery and on off, Zadran closes the face of the bat and works it past mid-wicket for a singleRangana Herath, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attackA slip in place for Herath5.6Chameera to Ali Zadran, 1 run, pitched up and holding its line on off, Zadran pushes it in front of mid-on and pinches a quick single5.5Chameera to Ali Zadran, no run, short of a good length and a hint of angle back into the right-hander, Zadran hops across and pushes it back towards the bowler5.4Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, full and darting into Stanikzai's pads, flicked away behind square on the on-side for a single5.3Chameera to Ali Zadran, 1 run, short of a good length and in that corridor outside off, Zadran plays with an open face and runs it towards third man5.2Chameera to Stanikzai, 1 run, that's a hack from Stanikzai, made room outside leg to a full ball, cleared his left leg and was looking to mow it over mid-wicket, gets an inside edge past that fielder for a single5.1Chameera to Stanikzai, 2 runs, fuller length delivery and on Stanikzai's pads, he flicks it in front of square on the on-side, runs hard and comes back for the second runDushmantha Chameera, right-arm fast, comes into the attackChameera, the fastest Sri Lankan bowler, gets a go now. Just one slip in place, he's pretty wide as well4.6Mathews to Ali Zadran, no run, back of a length and on the stumps, Zadran prods across and defends it towards the on-side4.5Mathews to Ali Zadran, no run, short of a length and angling back into the right-hander, opened him up slightly as he looked to nudge it towards the on-side, gets a soft leading edge towards the off-sideThird man is up now, there are two men in the deep for the pull4.5Mathews to Ali Zadran, wide, the bouncer from Mathews, too short and too high, beats Zadran's attempted pull, called as a wide for height4.4Mathews to Stanikzai, 1 run, Mathews keeps it short and around off, Stanikzai works it past the square leg umpire for a single4.3Mathews to Ali Zadran, 1 run, on a length and on Zadran's pads, tucked away behind square on the on-side for a single4.2Mathews to Ali Zadran, FOUR, nicely played by Zadran, he's looking in gorgeous touch, fraction too straight from Mathews, ends up drifting onto Zadran's pads, he waits on it and clips it to the left of short fine, beats the fielder getting across from deep backward square leg4.1Mathews to Stanikzai, 1 run, Mathews shortens his length as Stanikzai came down the track, pulled away over square leg, there's a man in the deep, just a single3.6Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, 2 runs, back of a length and on Zadran's pads, clipped away behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs, 10 runs from the over3.5Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, no run, that's the best shot of the night so far, but Zadran gets nothing for it. On a good length and just outside off, Zadran presented the full face of the bat on the drive, Kulasekara manages to get his boot across and prevents a certain boundary3.4Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Zadran shuffles across and clips it towards backward square leg3.3Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, FOUR, lovely shot, much better from Zadran, too straight from Kulasekara, ends up drifting onto Zadran's pads, wristily flicked away over mid-wicket for a boundary3.2Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, FOUR, that was close, on a good length and just outside off, Zadran got forward on the drive, hit it on the up and to the left of cover-point, the fielder ran a few paces and stuck his hand at that, can't hold on, the fast outfield does the rest3.1Kulasekara to Ali Zadran, no run, on a length and just outside off, pushed towards the off-side2.6Mathews to Stanikzai, no run, Stanikzai looks to be in a real hurry as well, the Afghan captain came running down the track first ball, Mathews bowls the bouncer and it sails over Stanikzai's headAsghar Stanikzai, right handed bat, comes to the crease2.5Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, out Caught by Chameera!! Shahzad looked very itchy and now pays the price for it. This was a short of a length delivery outside off, not the sort of delivery that should be pulled, Shahzad does exactly that, doesn't get anywhere near the middle of the bat, gets a lot of height, but when the ball came down - Chameera was waiting gleefully at mid-on, he doesn't drop those and Afghanistan have lost their first wicket. Mohammad Shahzad c Chameera b Mathews 8(12) [4s-1]Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!2.4Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, Shahzad finally gets going, not the most elegant of strokes, but he muscled it wide of mid-off. Width on offer from Mathews, Shahzad threw his bat at that, gets it off the inner half of the bat, beats mid-off to his right and rolls away to the fence for a boundary2.3Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, width on offer from Mathews, Shahzad cracks it straight to the fielder at backward point. Dilshan makes a direct hit at the bowler's end, but Ali Zadran had gone nowhere2.2Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, tad fuller and wider outside off, Shahzad was looking to dab it late, gets a toe-end that rolls away towards the keeper2.2Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, wide, short of a length and angling down the leg-side, Shahzad was setting himself up for the pull and misses, called as a wide2.1Mathews to Ali Zadran, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, worked to the right of mid-on for a single1.6Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, itchy from Shahzad, was coming down the track. Kulasekara spots it early and shortens his length, the batsman ends up playing a half-hearted pull, gets an inside edge towards short mid-wicket1.5Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, short of a length and in that channel outside off, Shahzad gets behind the line and defends it with a straight bat, towards mid-on1.4Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Shahzad gets half forward and defends it with a straight bat, the ball rolls away towards mid-off1.3Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, back of a length and just outside off, cracked off the back foot and straight to the fielder at backward point1.2Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Shahzad gets across and punches it towards mid-on1.1Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, 2 runs, back of a length and just outside off, Shahzad stays on the back foot and punches it to the left of cover-point. Siriwardana makes a mess of a simple stop and allows a couple of runs for the batsman1.1Kulasekara to Mohammad Shahzad, wide, gentle start from Kulasekara, short and way outside off, Shahzad was looking to slap it away behind point, can't reach to the ball and it's called as a wideNuwan Kulasekara, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attackA little bit of a delay. Shahzad's not happy with something around the sightscreen, he has a word with umpire Wilson to sort things out. Kulasekara has the ball in his hand. Looks like there's a red line on the sightscreen, Shahzad has spotted it and isn't happy. Umpire Wilson wants him to continue, but he isn't budging, but he will have to get ready to face the next ball0.6Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, tad fuller and on off, Shahzad shuffles across and works it in front of mid-on for a quick single0.5Mathews to Ali Zadran, 1 run, fraction too short from Mathews, Zadran waits on the back foot and wristily flicks it in front of square on the on-side, off the mark with a single0.4Mathews to Ali Zadran, no run, back of a length just outside off, Zadran stands tall and pushes it off the back foot towards cover-point0.3Mathews to Ali Zadran, no run, Mathews shortens his length a tad, Zadran was lunging forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge that clipped the back thigh and rolled dangerously close to the off-stump0.2Mathews to Ali Zadran, no run, on a good length and shaping away from outside off, Zadran gets a big stride forward, covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go0.1Mathews to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, swing for Mathews, but ends up offering a full toss on Shahzad's pads, flicked away behind square on the on-side for a singleMohammad Shahzad and Ali Zadran are at the crease. Mohammad Shahzad is on strike. Mathews will open the attackMathews will start for Sri Lanka. A slip in placeThe anthems are over, Sri Lanka complete their huddle and it's time for action as the two batsmen walk in..Afghanistan have cleared the qualification phase, it's now time for the main examination. There aren't too many expectations from this bunch of happy-go-lucky bunch of players, but one or two upsets will delight the nation. All to play for Sri Lanka, they haven't had the best of results in recent times, plenty of retirements and the replacements haven't been able to fill into their gigantic boots. No Malinga tonight, that means the Afghan openers can breathe a little easy, they will not be facing toe-crushing yorkers first up.Teams:Sri Lanka (Playing XI): Tillakaratne Dilshan, Dinesh Chandimal(w), Lahiru Thirimanne, Chamara Kapugedera, Angelo Mathews(c), Milinda Siriwardana, Shehan Jayasuriya, Thisara Perera, Nuwan Kulasekara, Dushmantha Chameera, Rangana HerathAfghanistan (Playing XI): Mohammad Shahzad(w), Noor Ali Zadran, Asghar Stanikzai(c), Mohammad Nabi, Karim Sadiq, Samiullah Shenwari, Najibullah Zadran, Shafiqullah Shafiq, Rashid Khan, Dawlat Zadran, Hamid HassanMathews: "We're coming in as the underdogs and no pressure at all. Guys are just looking to go out there and enjoy. We want to improve in all 3 departments. We haven't batted well recently. Pitch looks to be on the dry side but I don't think it will change too much. Don't mind chasing. Senanayake misses out for Shehan Jayasuriya."Stanikzai: "We'll bat first. Track looks slow, maybe will get drier after first innings. We'll try our best in the tournament. Gulbadin is not playing, Karim Sadiq is playing."Afghanistan have won the toss and have opted to batOkay, the captains are walking out for the toss.Not very crowded at the Eden Gardens. Looks like one ticket is worth 1000 seats"The pitch was used in the match between Pakistan and Bangladesh. Looks dry, cracks are obvious. Could be a slow surface and hold a little bit for the spinners. Hopefully under lights the cracks will lie down and close up. Don't see a lot of pace in the pitch. Could be a little two paced given some patchy areas. Unless you bowl badly, can't see a high-scoring game," infers Ian Bishop at the pitch report.Prakash Govindasreenivasan, from the ground, tells us that Malinga is being put through the paces. Bowling in the nets with a knee cap on. Uncertainty still looms over whether he'll be risked for today.Deepu Narayanan, our stats editor, inputs me with this info.- Tillakaratne Dilshan's last four innings in India read 0, 1, 0 and 0.- Angelo Mathews has batted the most innings in T20Is without getting dismissed for a duck - 48!- Mohammed Shahzad needs one more six to become the first player from an associate nation to hit 50 sixes in T20Is.Meanwhile, Mohammad Shahzad and Mohammad Nabi have been key contributers to Afghanistan's success so far in the tournament. While the former has been giving good starts to the side, the latter has been doing his part with both bat and ball. Rashid Khan, the 17-year-old leg-spinner, has been impressive as well. In this battle, it will be mainly down to how well the Afghanistani bowlers bowl to the Sri Lankan batsmen. If they manage to keep the Lankans quiet, they can fancy their chances.The fact that they lost both their warm-up games, to Pakistan and New Zealand respectively, worsens things. The knee injury to Lasith Malinga, their regular skipper, has hurt them badly and he remains a doubtful starter for this game as well. The selectors were even forced to make a few last minute changes to the side with Lahiru Thirimanne and Suranga Lakmal being drafted in. The side depends a lot on the experienced players, especially with the bat in hand, and that puts a bit of extra pressure on the likes of Tillakaratne Dilshan, Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal. Can Sri Lanka leave the past behind and start afresh here? Time will tell.Let's be fair. Yes, Sri Lanka are one of the finest teams in international cricket, but they haven't played to their potential in recent times. Angelo Mathews, stand-in skipper during the Asia Cup, himself hinted that people will have to be patient with their side, which is going through a transition period. Their only win in the Asia Cup out of four games came against UAE, but even then, they only managed to scrape through. Rewind a bit more, they even lost 1-2 to India in the 3-match T20I series. Clearly, the build-up to this mega event has not been smooth.Afghanistan's impressive story continues. They beat Scotland. They beat Hong Kong. They beat Zimbabwe. Here they are in the Super 10 of the 2016 World T20. The Asghar Stanikzai-led side has been doing the right things and the results are showing. Without being too optimistic, all they would want is a win in this round and a tough fight in every game. Can they upset a side in their group? Well, now that they are playing Sri Lanka, one might as well say that they have a golden opportunity to do so.Preview:

Sri Lanka arrive in India with a weakened side, at least on paper, and will find it tough to compete with some of the best. Their form over the last few months is a telling tale of how far this Sri Lankan side has fallen behind in the absence of some of their best. The defending champions are up against Afghanistan in their opening game, the team that has played an exciting brand of cricket and eager to pull off an upset or two. Having won all their Group A matches to qualify for the Super 10s, Afghanistan have carried good momentum with them. But the challenge will rise. Even if they can't win any match from here on, they have the ability to put to display entertaining cricket.

Sri Lanka's biggest strength lies in the fact that despite being the defending champions they aren't carrying much expectations. With the spotlight focused away from them, they can go out and play freely. Much like the Indian team in the 2007 edition of the tournament, they could spring a few surprises. With Sri Lanka well aware of the fact that they aren't favourites to defend the title straight away, they are planning their course in the tournament one game at a time. Angelo Mathews has stated, "Hopefully we can win a few games upfront in order to gain some momentum. Once we get that, we will be very hard to beat."

Tillakaratne Dilshan is the senior-most member of the side. Not only is he one of the most reliable bets in their brittle batting line-up, but also someone who has lifted his game in big tournaments. He will have to play a massive role if Sri Lanka have to punch above their weight. The likes of Dinesh Chandimal and skipper Mathews will also have important roles to play, while the bowlers need to be on the mark, going up against tough oppositions.

The Afghanistan team have a good pace attack, a couple of handy slower bowlers and a few match-winners with the bat. If all the departments fire in sync, they can pose some serious threat to the bigger sides. Having played three matches so far in the competition, they have a fair idea what to expect from the conditions. Afghanistan have also trained in India at the Greater Noida Cricket Ground before the start of the tournament. Familiarity of the Indian conditions and three back-to-back wins will give them some momentum ahead of the tournament.