Can't say it was all about the one-way traffic. Hardly ever is anywhere in India. Two hard-fought wins. Two games that threatened to run down to the wire but then turned bland just when they shouldn't have. Nagpur cradled the WT20 well on a typical low, slow pitch and now it's time to venture higher altitudes. To the picturesque Dharamsala. A jaded Bangladesh will take on Netherlands while Oman will attempt to put up a challenge against a more celebrated Ireland. Join us for the double-header again. Good night and ta-ta.Stanikzai: "The start for us was very well. Had a very good partnership with Shahzad. The total was good because the ground is big and the pitch a touch slow. Runs looked good. First game of the tournament is very important. Good start for our team. Our gameplan is to bowl good line and length for the fist 10 overs. Our fielding was very good and getting the ball out of the inner circle was tough."Preston Mommsen: "One that got away. Unfortunately we couldn't get over the line. Lost wickets at crucial times. We should have got to the total after that brilliant start. We couldn't put the foot on the accelerator. I think we should have kept them 15 runs down; would have been a better reflection of our efforts. We have to address the middle overs where we absolutely lost it. Opening stand was brilliant. Unfortunately one of the openers couldn't go on to get a big one."Hang on for the captain quotesShahzad: "Important match and the first of the qualifier. This is a good win and it will do good to our morale. We learnt a lot from this match and we had watched the first match for the same reason. Was a slow wicket and the ball wasn't coming on. Rashid bowled well and he changed the game."Mohammad Shahzad is the Man of the Match for his blistering 39-ball 61Post the speeding start, 84 in 8.4 overs, Coetzer top-edged a pull to deep backward square and what followed was a near hara-kiri. Afghanistan's spinners pulled the game back, rushed through the overs and stemmed the flow of boundaries. A 41-run stand between Machan and Mommsen injected some relief but the pressure of chasing a run-rate of 10 plus in the last three overs got the better of them. And that leaves a rather embarrassing stat to Scotland's name: THEY HAVEN'T WON A SINGLE GAME IN THE GLOBAL EVENT SO FAR.WOHOOOOO! How often does this happen? In the last game, Hong Kong needed 39 off last 3 overs and likewise Scotland too were left with the same equation. Zimbabwe won that game by 14 runs and here Afghanistan too sealed the game by a similar margin. Must say it was Scotland's game till the first 9 overs. Unlike Hong Kong, the Scots were off to a blazing start courtesy some aggressive intent and execution from Munsey and Coetzer.Afghanistan had to fight hard.. They looked out of the sorts early, when Scotland were on a bike. Shenwari provided that breakthrough and the spinners put the choke on then. A chase that fizzled out. Weirdly, both matches have yielded 14-run victory margins!19.6Dawlat Zadran to Matthew Cross, 1 run, there is it. Afghanistan keep the choke on. Win for the sixth consecutive time versus Scotland who will have to wait and improve. Cross was backing away, Dawlat Zadran follows him with a gentle full toss and it's nudged away to mid-wicketLast ball..19.5Dawlat Zadran to Mommsen, 1 run, swings his bat and swipes it to backward square leg. Only a single. Not happening19.4Dawlat Zadran to Matthew Cross, 1 run, top-edge? Glove? Okay, the latter. Short ball down leg, Cross pulls desperately. Off the glove and to the right of a leaping keeper. Off she goes and it's looks like Afghanistan are home19.3Dawlat Zadran to Mommsen, 1 run, this got high on Mommsen who was looking to flat bat this past the bowler. Ends up getting a toe-end that drops back to Dawlat Zadran. Three sixes needed now!19.2Dawlat Zadran to Mommsen, 2 runs, this was a good length ball outside off. Decent but Mommsen opened his bat face at the last moment. A flick of wrists and a dab, a very late dab, to third man. Third man and fine leg ran combine and keep it to a brace19.1Dawlat Zadran to Mommsen, no run, there's a pep in the run up. Runs in and bangs it halfway down the pitch at 137ks. Mommsen attempts a pull but sees the ball ballooning over the bat swipeSix balls. 21 runs. How this chase has relegated from certainty to now being near impossible. Although nothing ever is. Hold on. Dawlat Zadran will bowl this..18.6Nabi to Mommsen, 1 run, this over has nearly sealed it for Afghanistan. Gets on his knees and drives this flighted delivery to long-offMatthew Cross, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.5Nabi to Machan, out Caught by Stanikzai!! That's not awful cricket, that's nerves. Very ill-timed for Scotland. Low full toss looped ever so slowly, Machan could have butchered it anywhere. Instead swings only to slice it off the outside half and it's been caught comfortably at backward point. Backpedaled and squatted as he pouched it reverse-cupped. Machan c Stanikzai b Nabi 36(31) [6s-1]Nabi to Machan, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!18.4Nabi to Machan, 2 runs, on the pads and Machan comes down the track clips it round the corner. Long strides for the deep mid-wicket fielder fetches two18.3Nabi to Machan, no run, he is getting carried away with the flight and he gets away. Low full toss flirting with the tramline. Deceived a backing away Machan and also the umpire18.2Nabi to Machan, 2 runs, was way, way down the leg-side trying to make room. Nabi follows him with a dipping slow delivery that's been tucked to long-on. Sees a bit of lethargy in the deep and completes an urgent second18.1Nabi to Mommsen, 1 run, fired across with the angle from round the wicket, Mommsen crashes it to extra cover and there's not even half a run available over a singleMohammad Nabi [3.0-0-21-0] is back into the attack27 runs needed off 12 balls. Can they? Can't they?17.6Dawlat Zadran to Machan, 2 runs, very full delivery clipped to wide of long-on and wants two. Hurries back to the striker's end but so does the throw. Dives and makes it just back in with a slideA run out appeal sent upstairs. That looked safe. A good dive and all's safe for the moment17.5Dawlat Zadran to Machan, SIX, that's tonked down the ground! Back-of-the-hand slower ball that picked with ease. Waits on his knees and lifts it ruthlessly over Dawlat Zadran's head17.4Dawlat Zadran to Machan, 2 runs, not a pacy yorker but it's effective enough. On off-stump, Machan backed away and dig it out with a flick of a wrists to mid-on. Keeper was not happy with the fielder, he waited for the ball to pass the bowler before rushing to the ball17.3Dawlat Zadran to Machan, no run, was shuffling around in the crease again, Machan fires it wide. And with pace too. Machan was late to open the blade and attempt a steer down to third man17.2Dawlat Zadran to Mommsen, 1 run, cheeky, cheeky run. Was shuffling outside off looking to scoop the ball over short fine. Dawlat Zadran hurled a wide full toss and Mommsen opened himself at the last moment to dab it to third manPacers should make life a little easy for Scotland, and me17.1Dawlat Zadran to Machan, 1 run, was a yorker on middle but Machan shimmies out making it a full toss. Drives it to extra cover and nabs a quick singleDawlat Zadran [2.0-0-19-0] is back into the attackScotland need 39 runs off 3 overs. Getting tougher now. Need more big hits, obviously16.6Shenwari to Machan, 1 run, dragged down this time, Machan shuffles and tucks a couple of runs to deep mid wicket16.5Shenwari to Machan, no run, just short of cover! Low full toss on middle, Machan backed away looking to flog it. The ball dipped allowing his drive to be mistimed. That was a close shave16.4Shenwari to Mommsen, 1 run, quick and full outside off, Mommsen opens the blade and squeezes it out to short third man. A sharp single16.3Shenwari to Machan, 1 run, dragged down a touch, Machan rocks back and tamely clobbers it over mid-on. Just a chip16.2Shenwari to Machan, 2 runs, Shenwari is furious. Long-on was a little slow to run across, get up and throw back - and it allows Machan a couple. This was full on the stumps, Machan backed away so much so that he had his sticks exposed. Squeezes the loft over the bowler and pinches a couple16.1Shenwari to Mommsen, 1 run, flatter, quicker legbreak, Mommsen drives it to cover and runs to the other endSamiullah Shenwari [2.0-0-15-1] is back into the attack15.6Nabi to Mommsen, 1 run, this could be curtains. A dropped catch at deep mid-wicket. Mommsen came down the track and lofts it handsomely. Off one leg and with full flow of the bat. Couldn't get the distance on that and it dipped just in front of an onrushing fielder who seemed late to judge the flight on that loft15.5Nabi to Machan, 1 run, flatter on the stumps, Machan turns this to backward point. Hurries for a single and a good response from Mommsen makes it happen too15.4Nabi to Mommsen, 1 run, quicker delivery this one, Mommsen again shimmies down and nudges the ball to long-on15.3Nabi to Machan, 1 run, comes down the track but comes too close and adjusts to flick this to long-on. Looked cramped or else the ball was aimed over the ropes15.2Nabi to Mommsen, 1 run, tossed up on off, Mommsen stretched forward, gor inside the line and paddled it to short fine15.1Nabi to Machan, 1 run, looped ever so slow, no runs and just comes in with the arm from round the wicket. Machan opens the blade and dabs a single to pointMohammad Nabi [2.0-0-15-0] is back into the attackScotland need 51 runs in 30 balls. Quite doable. I would put my money on Scotland for a historic win14.6Rashid Khan to Machan, 1 run, leans forward and drives this flighted delivery straight down the ground to keep the singlathon on. Rashid Khan finishes with 4-0-28-214.5Rashid Khan to Mommsen, 1 run, shuffled across and then widened his stance to reach out on this lap to backward square leg14.4Rashid Khan to Machan, 1 run, shorter in length, Machan stayed back and flat-batted it to long-off14.3Rashid Khan to Mommsen, 1 run, quicker delivery, Mommsen wrists it to long-on14.2Rashid Khan to Machan, 1 run, dragged down and should have seen more runs. Machan rocks back and pulls to mid-wicket. And then there are cheers because the fielder swoops on the ball and almost dives forward with the momentum. Top effort and the batsmen don't go for the second run14.1Rashid Khan to Mommsen, 1 run, googly picked easily, Mommsen knives his bat forward and sweeps it to short fine13.6Amir Hamza to Machan, no run, teasingly slow that dips and turns in sharply. Machan was caught in two minds and ends up staying put. Ball rips in and hits him very high on the thigh pad. Too high for an appeal13.5Amir Hamza to Machan, 2 runs, uses his feet and meats the heave well this time. Gets it wider of mid-wicket but quicker legs would have helped. Nabi did make a half-stop and it's a boundary cut off13.4Amir Hamza to Machan, no run, drags his length back and gets it to skid off the pitch, Machan gets higher and eases it into the off-side13.3Amir Hamza to Machan, 2 runs, a misfield at mid-wicket meant that a double was on. Machan drags this heave off the inside edge, the fielder was lazy allowing Machan an easy two13.2Amir Hamza to Mommsen, 1 run, this time quicker on middle, still turns but slowly. Mommsen has the time to stand taller and whip it through mid-wicket13.1Amir Hamza to Mommsen, no run, tosses this up and gets it to turn away just a touch. Mommsen is opened up as he tries to poke flat-footed. Beaten on the outside edge12.6Rashid Khan to Mommsen, 1 run, end of a very good over. Has done enough to keep Afghanistan in the game. Turn from a very full length delivery, Mommsen presents a straight bat only to eke out an outside edge. To short third man for a hurried single12.5Rashid Khan to Mommsen, no run, looped full on leg, Mommsen stretched across and lapped it straight to short finePreston Mommsen, right handed bat, comes to the crease12.4Rashid Khan to Berrington, out Stumped!! And finally a stumping has been effected. This was fired in outside off. A googly that skidded quicker outside off, Berrington skips out trying to fetch it with a sweep. Drags his back leg far outside the crease, misses and couldn't get back in time. Berrington st Mohammad Shahzad b Rashid Khan 8(10)Rashid Khan to Berrington, THAT'S OUT!! Stumped!!A stumping appeal has been sent upstairs. Fair delivery. OUT!12.3Rashid Khan to Berrington, 2 runs, full toss and it's only a brace. Whipped to cow corner, deep mid-wicket runs across and dives. Fumbles and the long-on fielder cleans up12.2Rashid Khan to Berrington, no run, that was a hit-me delivery. Overpitched and thrusted with lots of flight, Berrington uses his feet but the drive is intercepted straight at cover12.1Rashid Khan to Machan, 1 run, tossed up and going away with the angle from over the wicket, Machan opens the face of the bat and guides it past pointRashid Khan [2.0-0-18-1] is back into the attack11.6Amir Hamza to Berrington, no run, widens his stance and flat-bats a dragged down delivery back to Amir Hamza. Mistimed and hence no run11.5Amir Hamza to Machan, 1 run, another use of the feet, another ambitious swipe into the leg-side and another inside edge. Another half stumping chance. Too wide of the keeper behind and it's a single to short fine. Just a hint of Nagpur turn is undoing Machan at the moment11.4Amir Hamza to Berrington, 1 run, makes room outside off and flows into a push through long-off11.3Amir Hamza to Berrington, no run, tossed up on middle, Berrington defends it11.2Amir Hamza to Machan, 1 run, that would be unfair if I call that a stumping chance. Came down the track, got an inside edge on the flick and it flirted with the leg-stump. The issue was that the ball never got up and there was a chance for the keeper11.1Amir Hamza to Berrington, 1 run, floated outside off, Berrington opens up the off-side and punches it through coverAmir Hamza [2.0-0-15-0] is back into the attackHamza is back. Has had an assortment spell so far..10.6Shenwari to Berrington, 1 run, stays back to this dragged down delivery, waits for it to arrive and stabs it to long-off10.5Shenwari to Berrington, 2 runs, nudged to mid-wicket for a quick brace, the fielder had some ground to cover, he got there quickly but the throw was not accurate, a better throw would have had Berrington in trouble10.5Shenwari to Berrington, wide, fired down the leg-side, Berrington kneels but fails to reach out with the sweep10.4Shenwari to Machan, 1 run, straight on the pads, Machan clips it past a diving bowler and earns a single to long-on10.3Shenwari to Machan, no run, low full toss patted to cover10.2Shenwari to Berrington, 1 run, slower delivery tossed fuller, Berrington eases it to long-offRichie Berrington, right handed bat, comes to the crease10.1Shenwari to MacLeod, out MacLeod Run Out!! 1 run completed. That's hara-kiri. Looped up delivery, MacLeod drives it wide of long-off and runs. The throw comes rifling back at the bowler's end, the second was on. But MacLeod slips while Machan was almost halfway down the pitch. Bowler parries the throw to the keeper who whips the bails off. Circus, absolute circus. No way MacLeod was going to turn around and make it back in. MacLeod run out (Naib/Shenwari/Mohammad Shahzad) 2(3)Shenwari to MacLeod, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!9.6Rashid Khan to Machan, 2 runs, loopy low full toss drifting towards off, Machan reaches out in front of the body and whips it wide of long-on9.6Rashid Khan to Machan, 5 wides, oh poor. Leg-break well down leg, doesn't allow the keeper enough time to move across and even get a hand. Runs away for 5 much needed wides9.5Rashid Khan to MacLeod, 1 run, waits on the back foot and nudges it towards long-on. Rashid himself chases it down9.4Rashid Khan to MacLeod, no run, oh brilliant. MacLeod is all at sea. Quicker googly turning in sharply from around off, hits the pad as MacLeod is clueless. Rashid is excited briefly but then realizes that the turn would have taken it down leg9.3Rashid Khan to Machan, 1 run, flatter and shorter googly turning away from off prodigiously, Machan doesn't pick it and commits to the pull, has to reach out in the end and swats it off the bottom of the bat through mid-wicket9.2Rashid Khan to Machan, no run, picks the googly late and pats it with the turn into the off-sideMatt Machan, left handed bat, comes to the crease9.1Rashid Khan to Munsey, out Lbw!! And that's the last thing Scotland needed. Their other well set opener making his way back. This approach leaves a lot to be desired really. Almost like they have thrown caution to the wind. Well flighted ball around middle to which Munsey premeditates a big sweep. The length is pretty full to be playing the shot, sneaks under the swinging bat and hits low down on the back thigh. HawkEye shows it hitting a good chunk of off. Munsey lbw b Rashid Khan 41(29) [4s-9]Rashid Khan to Munsey, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!Rashid Khan [1.0-0-9-0] is back into the attackVery important for Scotland to not let the momentum fizzle out. While at the same time, this is Afghanistan's opportunity to strangle the new man8.6Shenwari to Munsey, 1 run, fires in a very full ball around middle, squeezed through mid-wicket for a runCalum MacLeod, right handed bat, comes to the crease8.5Shenwari to Coetzer, out Caught by Najibullah!! Oh, quite fitting actually. It's a half-tracker which gets the wicket. Is this the indication of the luck finally turning? Sat up to be hit, it was in line with the stumps and Coetzer saw "six" written all over. Slides back in the crease and looks to send the ball miles with a pull. Gets a top edge which offers a dolly to deep backward square. Coetzer c Najibullah b Shenwari 40(27) [4s-4 6s-1]Shenwari to Coetzer, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!8.4Shenwari to Coetzer, FOUR, big full toss outside off and unsurprisingly, it's found the ropes. But that's courtesy a bad bounce in front of short third man. Coetzer threw the kitchen sink on the drive, got a thick edge and should have been only a single if not for the outfield's mischief8.3Shenwari to Coetzer, 2 runs, tossed up full just outside off, Coetzer clears the front leg and drills the drive through the vacant point region. Sends sweeper cover into a sprint before breaking into one himself while coming back for two8.2Shenwari to Munsey, 1 run, he's stomped his back leg miles outside off, then bends the knee and tries to hoist the slog-sweep with the turn, doesn't connect well enough and it fetches him a single to deep backward square8.1Shenwari to Munsey, no run, gives it a good rip and gets prodigious turn from middle to beat Munsey's flick and hit his pad. But the turn would have taken it down legSamiullah Shenwari, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack7.6Nabi to Coetzer, 2 runs, ah, finesse at last. Didn't think he had it in him. Waits for a flighted ball, then stabs it ever so late through the vacant slip region7.5Nabi to Coetzer, 2 runs, well bowled but still sees two runs being stacked against his name. Held it back in the air seeing Coetzer charge out, got it to dip well in front of him and Coetzer drags the loft off the inside half luckily wide of long-on7.4Nabi to Munsey, 1 run, he's on a reverse-sweep overkill. Almost like he's wired himself to play it every ball. Gets it fine and induces a dive from short fine leg to stop the ball7.3Nabi to Munsey, no run, tossed up on the stumps, Munsey hits the reverse-sweep tamely and finds backward point7.2Nabi to Coetzer, 1 run, flatter on the stumps, nurdled behind square7.1Nabi to Coetzer, 2 runs, slower through the air and it's flicked in the air, Coetzer was early into the stroke, but gets it wide of mid-wicket. Also, the fact that he mistimed it meant that deep mid-wicket had a lot of ground to cover. Allows a second6.6Rashid Khan to Munsey, FOUR, this is audacious stuff. And fetches him the rewards for his bravery. For the fourth consecutive ball, Munsey lines up a reverse sweep, the length is perfect this time and he slots it past a helpless backward point6.5Rashid Khan to Munsey, no run, oh he's not backing out, is he? Third reverse sweep attempted on the trot. Another googly and beats him this time. Much closer to taking off stump with it than the previous one6.4Rashid Khan to Munsey, FOUR, he's ran that very fine off the bottom edge. Again premeditates the reverse-sweep, nearly gets in trouble as the length is full on the stumps, lucky to get some bat6.3Rashid Khan to Munsey, no run, haha, he's made a mockery of the batsman. Saw him shaping for the reverse sweep and bowled the googly well wide of off. No way Munsey was connecting there6.2Rashid Khan to Munsey, no run, flatter, quicker and ripping in from middle and leg, Munsey shuffles across looking to tuck it away but the quickness of the delivery beats him and raps the pad. Was pitching outside leg so the LBW appeal is non-existent6.1Rashid Khan to Coetzer, 1 run, slips in a brisk leg-break, lands on middle and grips slightly, Coetzer goes back and nudges it to the right of the bowlerRashid Khan, right-arm leg break, comes into the attackThe Powerplay is done and Scotland have racked up 60 on the board. All 10 wickets in the kitty. Do we have a game on our hands or what!5.6Nabi to Coetzer, 1 run, doesn't quite time the loft well, goes on the bounce to long-on5.5Nabi to Coetzer, 2 runs, takes a couple of steps down, gets close enough to the ball and flicks it over mid-wicket. Placed it nicely to the right of the man in the deep and hares back for two5.4Nabi to Coetzer, no run, darted on a shortish length outside off, steered towards point5.3Nabi to Coetzer, FOUR, not the way he wanted the boundary, but he'll take it. Rubbish full toss outside off, Coetzer tries to slam it through the covers, gets a thick outside edge and it skims away behind backward point5.2Nabi to Coetzer, no run, doesn't get the length he wants after skipping out, bunts it back to the bowler5.1Nabi to Coetzer, no run, flatter and sliding on towards off, Coetzer slaps it to mid-offMohammad Nabi, right-arm off break, comes into the attack4.6Naib to Munsey, FOUR, not learning. Naib is just not learning. Someone hold a placard reading "keep it away from the pads". The length is full again, and the round the wicket angle makes it even easier to flog it behind square4.5Naib to Munsey, no run, oh excellent ball. Fires in a yorker angled in towards the toes, nutmegs Munsey as he tries to flick it away4.5Naib to Munsey, no ball, FOUR, flogged over backward square. Brilliant batting. And I can also hear hooters going off at the stadium which suggests that Naib has overstepped. Angled in on the pads from round the wicket, Munsey whips it well. Free-hit to follow4.4Naib to Munsey, FOUR, flits out of the crease, he came out too early allowing Naib to adjust and shorten his length. Still, Munsey is not flustered. He waits for it and then cuts it through the point region piercing the off-side ring4.3Naib to Coetzer, 1 run, yeah, this comes in handy time and again. Luck. Not all that short to be pulled. Coetzer tries it nevertheless and the top-edge flies towards third man. Teased the fielder and landed in front4.2Naib to Coetzer, FOUR, walks towards Naib and puts him off his line. He ends up dishing a length ball down leg. Coetzer whips it in the air deliberately and gets it over backward square leg4.1Naib to Coetzer, no run, back of a length delivery angled in on middle, Coetzer punches it to mid-onGulbadin Naib, right-arm medium, comes into the attackThis is the right approach. Contrary to the previous game, where Hong Kong decided to sit back in the beginning, Scotland are showing intent up front.3.6Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, no run, back of a length delivery around off, blocked3.5Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, FOUR, it's all running for Scotland at the moment. Short ball angled across off, hurries Munsey as he tries to pull and he ends up spooning it off the splice to the left of mid-off. The fielder hustles across, dives but still can't get a hand. Once it lands, the outfield does the rest3.4Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, FOUR, now this is a giveaway. A rank bad ball. Low full toss on middle, Munsey rolls his wrists on the ball and whips it wide of mid-on3.3Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, there isn't much room to cut but Munsey goes through with it and chops it to backward point3.2Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, FOUR, Scotland are up and running here. Length ball slanted away outside off, Munsey maintains a firm base without moving his feet much and allows a clean flow of the bat over mid-off. Easily got it over the fielder3.1Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, no run, punched to mid-off2.6Amir Hamza to Coetzer, SIX, oh shot! Another lovely inside out drive and this time it goes all the way. Shuffles towards leg, the flight on the delivery allows him to get under it and lift it2.5Amir Hamza to Coetzer, 2 runs, in the air, and just over mid-off. Jeez, he's living dangerously. Makes room again and looks to loft through the line, lobs it off the bottom of the bat and clears the fielder just about2.4Amir Hamza to Coetzer, no run, goodness gracious! That's missed off-stump by a hair's breadth. Coetzer moved across a long way, sat on his back knee to sweep an arm-ball drifting in, got inside the line of the ball and missed. Very lucky2.3Amir Hamza to Coetzer, no run, flatter and skidding on furiously towards off, Coetzer barely gets his bat down in time to punch it to the bowler2.2Amir Hamza to Coetzer, FOUR, oh lovely. Creates his own room, allows the flighted ball to drift in and lofts it smoothly over extra-cover2.1Amir Hamza to Munsey, 1 run, again tries a reverse sweep, gets into position early, the ball is flighted on a length on leg and sneaks under Munsey's willow. Or maybe took a bottom edge before deflecting towards short fine leg off the padAfter an impressive first over, Hamza is being persisted with. No slip though1.6Dawlat Zadran to Coetzer, no run, length ball gunning for the top of middle, Coetzer moves only inches forward and pushes it defensively to mid-on1.5Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, leg byes, 1 run, on the hips this time, Munsey hops slightly looking to tuck it round the corner, is slightly late to get the bat across, and it deflects off the thigh pad behind square1.5Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, wide, Dawlat splays it down leg once more, wided1.4Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, FOUR, fullish and that's an easy put away. Munsey doesn't move his feet much despite the ball angling away from him. But the lack of movement makes his task so much simpler. Just leans across and drives it wide of a diving mid-off1.4Dawlat Zadran to Munsey, wide, slips one down leg, way way down. Munsey tries to whip it away but doesn't get anywhere nearVery sparse crowd here but they are creating quite some ruckus1.3Dawlat Zadran to Coetzer, 1 run, closer to off on a similar length, Coetzer is flat-footed again but manages to pat it in front of backward point for a well judged single1.2Dawlat Zadran to Coetzer, no run, and again. Hits the back of a length outside off, Coetzer's feet are stuck as he wafts a windy punch. Beaten on the edge. Has to move the back foot across here to cover the line1.1Dawlat Zadran to Coetzer, no run, a nothing shot. No footwork at all. Just stands there to a back of a length delivery outside off, and tries to punch it through the covers while playing away from the body. The odds of him connecting aren't great. And the odds winDawlat Zadran, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attackOne slip in place for Dawlat as he runs in from over the wicket...0.6Amir Hamza to Coetzer, 1 run, stands tall in the crease to a flatter arm-ball, punches it down to long-on0.5Amir Hamza to Munsey, 1 run, nurdled in front of backward square leg, Munsey is not sure about the single but his partner calls him through. He is late to take off and seems to be struggling but the throw isn't the most powerful. Allows him to make it easily in the end0.4Amir Hamza to Munsey, no run, gets into position for a reverse-sweep, it was there to be put away, but he swats it off a thick bottom edge towards cover0.3Amir Hamza to Munsey, no run, flatter and pushed through quicker, slides on from a length towards off, Munsey is rushed for pace and punches it back towards the bowler0.2Amir Hamza to Munsey, no run, closer to the stumps, not afraid to flight it, Munsey nudges it into the on-side and Hamza runs round to field0.1Amir Hamza to Munsey, no run, drifts one across the left-hander from round the wicket, skids on past the outside edge as Munsey is caught pushing at it expecting turnMunsey and Coetzer are at the crease. Munsey is on strike. Amir Hamza will open the attackAfghanistan have never lost to Scotland in 5 meetings. They are primed for a sixth win. If Scotland overhaul this target, we are in for a cracker. Coach Inzamam is presiding over the Afghan huddle, chipping in with his words of wisdom. Jeez, that's the most animated I've seen him. Lot more than his playing days. So, Afghanistan decide to ape Scotland, beginning with left arm spinAfghanistan's intent was clear right from the start. They were going to swing and swing hard. After a brisk beginning, Noor Ali flashed one straight down third man's throat to end his knock prematurely. But that wasn't going to have much effect on his opening partner. Shahzad kept going like he always does and soon started to find the fence with increasing regularity. His fifty came up in 32 balls and sent alarm bells ringing for Scotland. He couldn't kick on much longer though and perished in an attempt to go downtown. That seemed to galvanize Scotland into action and they started to pull things back in the second half. But Afghan captain Stanikzai hung around for a steady fifty and aided by a handy 5-ball 14 from Shafiqullah, lifted his team to a mighty fine score.19.6Davey to Dawlat Zadran, 1 run, another low full toss, just around off, Zadran wrists it to long-on, but this time he could only manage a single19.5Davey to Dawlat Zadran, 2 runs, low full toss outside off, Zadran fetches the whip from there and runs for two as the fielder at long-on was too deep19.4Davey to Stanikzai, 1 run, very full outside off, Stanikzai pushes it off the toe-end towards cover19.4Davey to Stanikzai, wide, full and wide, Stanikzai reaches out but fails to make contact19.3Davey to Stanikzai, FOUR, adjusts nicely and times the scoop fine, pinged off the middle and fine leg fence has been kept busy all day19.3Davey to Stanikzai, wide, moves a long way across and fails to make contact with length delivery outside off, easy call for the umpire19.2Davey to Stanikzai, 2 runs, full and outside off, Stanikzai powers the loft towards long-off, hit it hard but not quite off the middle. Fifty for Stanikzai. Not the typical T20 innings, but he has stuck it outDawlat Zadran, right handed bat, comes to the crease19.2Davey to Stanikzai, wide, out Shafiqullah Run Out!! Another run-out but Shafiqullah has gone for the team cause. It was flung full and down the leg-side. Stanikzai shuffles and fails to lay bat on the attempted ugly, rash, scoop, lap-scoop stroke. Seriously it is very hard to pick the kind of unorthodox shots he's playing. Anyway, he missed it by a country mile and the keeper didn't miss the target. Throws the ball back to the bowler as Shafiqullah left the crease on Sunday. The bowler does the rest. Shafiqullah run out (Matthew Cross/Davey) 14(5) [4s-3]Davey to Stanikzai, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!19.1Davey to Stanikzai, 2 runs, hurries himself with the shuffling movement and slogs it wildy wide of long-onJosh Davey [3.0-0-29-1] is back into the attackLast over coming up and Afghanistan will surely be content with the total on the board, as of now...18.6Safyaan Sharif to Shafiqullah, FOUR, top-edge and a four! This time he jumps across the stumps, crouches low and aims to clear short fine with the scoop. The ball dips in and grazes the top-edge and flies over the keeper18.5Safyaan Sharif to Shafiqullah, FOUR, streaky but a boundary nonetheless. Very full, almost a yorker, Shafiq clears his front leg and attempts a smite, the ball makes contact with the inside edge and scurries past a diving keeper18.4Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, flung full and wide, Stanikzai uses the pace and he opens the blade to steer it towards third man18.3Safyaan Sharif to Shafiqullah, 1 run, angled in very full and outside off, Shafiq goes for an ugly swipe through the leg-side, off the inside half and towards square leg18.2Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, moves around the crease and scoops this length delivery behind square on the on-side, off the toe-end18.1Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 2 runs, short of length outside off, Stanikzai carves it over cover and there is a fumble in the deep, which allows the duo to sneak in another run17.6Alasdair Evans to Shafiqullah, FOUR, that's flat-batted! Stood back and anticipated the length rightly, length and ample width to free his arms, that's bulleted past the bowler17.5Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 1 run, length delivery on middle, Stanikzai went for the heave, just died in front of an incoming long-on17.4Alasdair Evans to Shafiqullah, 1 run, short outside off, Shafiq cuts it to backward point for a quick single17.3Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 1 run, shuffles across and toe-ends the scoop to backward point17.2Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 2 runs, full toss again, Stanikzai slices the loft over backward pointShafiqullah Shafiq, right handed bat, comes to the crease17.1Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, out Nabi Run Out!! Low full toss at the stumps, Stanikzai gave a good, stubby biff at it. The ball slams hard at the timber at the other end and Nabi was half-way down the track. He was expecting it to go past the umpire but it didn't. The bowler though was alert to the situation, collects the ball and lifts the stump with the ball safely engulfed in his palms. Nabi wasn't even in the frame. Nabi run out (Alasdair Evans) 1(1)Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!TV umpire please: Just a casual check for a run-out chance. "YES, HE IS OUT" informs Aleem Dar to the onfield umpire. Nabi has to walk back...Alasdair Evans [3.0-0-15-1] is back into the attack16.6Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, goes hard at this full toss, muscles it down to long-off to keep strike16.6Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, wide, walks right across the sticks looking to whip this over short fine, Safyaan Sharif though loses his radar, hurls it down leg, rightly called this time16.5Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, touch fuller and outside off, Stanikzai stays flat-foooted and aims for a big heave over mid-wicket, could only connect with thin air16.4Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, clever stuff from Safyaan Sharif. Saw Stanikzai flirting with the crease and fired it full and wide, Stanikzai was trying to DILSCOOP in an awkward position, ends up deflecting it back into his left bicep, looked ugly. That hurt as he keeps jerking his arm in pain16.3Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 2 runs, dipping low full toss outside off, Stanikzai smacks it wide of long-off, got enough power behind but not the timing. Hence, only a couple of runs16.2Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, good length outside off, just beside the tramline, Stanikzai lets it go. Might have probably assumed it to be a wide but it wasn't to be. Fair call from the umpire16.1Safyaan Sharif to Nabi, 1 run, bends his back and hits the deck hard, short and arrowed in on middle, Nabi pulls to deep mid-wicketSafyaan Sharif [2.0-0-11-0] is back into the attackMohammad Nabi, right handed bat, comes to the creaseSo, 4 more overs left. How many more can Afghanistan get?15.6Davey to Naib, out Caught by Machan!! Top-stuff from Machan. Diving forward full length and clasping it with both hands. This was on a length and angled into the batsman, Naib was trying to clear cow corner with a big whooosh, didn't middle the stroke. Went nearly off the inside half and deep mid-wicket covered good ground to his left to cling on to a blinder of a catch. Certainly the best catch of the day, for me. Naib c Machan b Davey 12(11) [4s-1]Davey to Naib, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!15.5Davey to Naib, 2 runs, serves up another full ball outside off, Naib gets underneath it as he lofts it down to long-on, on the bounce to the fielder who fumbles and allows a second15.4Davey to Stanikzai, 1 run, another one dished full and wide, Stanikzai squeezes the drive through cover15.3Davey to Naib, 1 run, very full and outside off, not offering anything to work with, Naib could only jam his stroke into the off-side15.2Davey to Stanikzai, 1 run, looks to shovel this fullish delivery over short fine, gets some inside edge which thuds the pad and rolls away into the off-side15.2Davey to Stanikzai, wide, this time he splays it well outside off, Stanikzai shuffles and looks to whip through the leg-side, well away from his reach15.2Davey to Stanikzai, wide, back of a length and sprayed down leg, Stanikzai fails to get bat on the flickComing to that lbw appeal: Replay shows that it was hitting middle of middle. The umpire, however, felt that the impact was outside off. Stanikzai is lucky to be out there, still...15.1Davey to Naib, 1 run, short and sat up nicely for Naib who pulls with the inward angle through mid-wicketJosh Davey [2.0-0-21-0] is back into the attack14.6Mark Watt to Naib, 1 run, waltzes down the pitch and chips the drive towards long-on14.5Mark Watt to Stanikzai, leg byes, 1 run, aims to sweep this slider but misses, struck well outside the line of off and no real appeal from the Scottish fielders. The ball rolled away behind square and the fielder and there was a direct hit at the bowler's end. Naib was well in though14.4Mark Watt to Naib, 1 run, looped up just outside off, Naib leans forward and digs the lofted drive over the bowler, didn't time it all that well but good enough to nab a single14.3Mark Watt to Stanikzai, 1 run, takes a step forward and realizes it was a full toss, just twirls his wrists and sends it to long-on14.2Mark Watt to Naib, 1 run, allows the ball to come in and then slide away a tad, punched off the back foot to long-on14.1Mark Watt to Stanikzai, 1 run, charges down the pitch and takes it on the full, wristed down to long-on13.6Machan to Naib, FOUR, help-me please delivery, down leg and Naib needed to get some wood on that leather, stoops low and middles the sweep, off she goes into the fine leg fence13.5Machan to Naib, no run, slightly quicker and at the stumps, Naib tamely pushes it back, wanted to drive but was hurried into the stroke13.4Machan to Naib, no run, floated up on middle and leg, Naib wristily flicks but finds mid-wicket13.3Machan to Stanikzai, 1 run, dragged down and around fifth stump channel, punched neatly to long-off13.2Machan to Naib, 1 run, pushes in front of cover-point and is off the mark with a single13.1Machan to Stanikzai, 1 run, darted in around middle and leg, Stanikzai was on his knees, gets an inside edge as he tries to sweep, off the pad towards backward pointMatt Machan [1.0-0-15-0] is back into the attackGulbadin Naib, right handed bat, comes to the crease12.6Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, out Caught by MacLeod!! Mohammad Shahzad departs after a splendid knock. This was fired in around off, Shahzad backs away and seeks to send a meaty loft over the bowler's head. Messes up with the connection as the ball dips in quickly. Off the toe-end and to the left of long-on who moves swiftly and accepts gleefully. Mohammad Shahzad c MacLeod b Mark Watt 61(39) [4s-5 6s-3]Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!12.5Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, Shahzad is looking to dominate the bowlers here. Gets down on one knee and picks the length early, slog-sweeps it wide of long-on and even a desperate dive from the fielder wasn't good enough12.4Mark Watt to Stanikzai, 1 run, skips out, gets to the pitch of this flighted delivery and lofts it, on the bounce to long-on12.3Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, a little shimmy and a drive down to long-on12.2Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, deft! Uses the pace of the delivery and executes the reverse-sweep to perfection, wide of the keeper and no one's stopping that12.1Mark Watt to Stanikzai, 1 run, just wide of the bowler, Stanikzai was looking to drive this on the rise maybe, checked his shot at the last moment and the ball tantalisingly fell in front of extra cover. Mommsen fires at the bowler's end and concedes an extra run. In fact, a direct hit would have had Shahzad short of the creaseMark Watt [2.0-0-14-0] is back into the attack11.6Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, yorker outside off, Shahzad shuffles across and tries to whip it to the on-side, misses it by a long way11.5Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 1 run, full and at the stumps, flicked to deep square leg11.4Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, full toss in the slot, Shahzad looks to play a MS there, seeks to send a helicopter stroke into the cow corner stands but ekes out a thick outside edge which dribbles away towards third man11.3Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 3 runs, dropped! Was a very hard one though, the bowler isn't impressed. It was full and zooming in around off, Stanikzai goes hard on the loft, ends up slicing it towards sweeper cover. The ball went high in the air and the fielder from sweeper should have done better there. Backward point ran backwards and dived full length to grab that, could only get a hand11.2Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, on middle and leg, pulled hard square on the leg-side11.1Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, 2 runs, well played Mohammad Shahzad! Fifty for him. Opened the bat face and glided it wide of third man, takes his helmet off and then kisses the badge. Has his hands aloft too.. ohh what a moment!Alasdair Evans [2.0-0-7-1] is back into the attack10.6Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, shortish and just outside off, Shahzad fetches the pull and places it through mid-wicket10.5Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, makes some hurried movement around the crease and Berrington keeps it on stump-to-stump line, Shahzad ends up chopping it down the track, flat-batted10.4Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, gee! This man packs a fair punch. He nearly stood around the wide tramline and deposited a short of length delivery over short fine. Got it right off the middle, ensured he kept his eyes on the ball till the last instant, he played a pull-scoop but watching the ball was the key there10.3Berrington to Stanikzai, 1 run, a relatively similar delivery, a modest tuck from Stanikzai who fetches it around middle stump10.2Berrington to Stanikzai, 2 runs, drifting down towards leg from a shorter length and Stanikzai clips one behind square, off his pads10.1Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, hoo! what was that? Berrington saw Mohammad Shahzad coming down the track and pitched it short. Shahzad though somehow manages to swat it over mid-off, Nadal-esque, forehand taking over...Richie Berrington [1.0-0-11-0] is back into the attack9.6Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, FOUR, nice strike by Stanikzai. Low full toss on the stumps, Stanikzai lofts it over the bowler's head and bisects two fielders in the deep with clockwork precision9.5Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, Stanikzai shuffles across and aims to scoop, but Sharif cleverly bowls it outside off. Stanikzai can't get to it. Stanikzai is disappointed that it is not called as a wide9.4Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, good length delivery and just outside off, Stanikzai taps it to backward point9.3Safyaan Sharif to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, low full toss and on the stumps, Shahzad works it to long-on. The stand is now worth 50 runs9.2Safyaan Sharif to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, a touch of width on offer, Shahzad chops it to backward point, but can't bisect the gap9.1Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, a tad fuller and angled in, dug out to the right of the bowlerSafyaan Sharif [1.0-0-5-0] is back into the attack8.6Machan to Stanikzai, 1 run, another flatter delivery from Machan, pushed to cover8.5Machan to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, this time, Shahzad clips it to mid-wicket for a quick single8.4Machan to Mohammad Shahzad, SIX, it is raining fours and sixes at the ground. Shahzad again dances down the track, almost takes it on the full and pulverises it with a loft over long-on8.3Machan to Mohammad Shahzad, SIX, Shahzad is on fire here. He waltzes down the track, gets close to the pitch of the ball and lofts it high and handsome over the long-off fence8.2Machan to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, low full toss, pushed through on the stumps, awkwardly tapped back towards the bowler8.1Machan to Stanikzai, 1 run, flatter delivery and on the stumps, Stanikzai carves it square on the off-sideMatt Machan, right-arm off break, comes into the attack7.6Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, SIX, Shahzad shows his class and quality by clubbing this fuller length delivery that is bowled on the stumps over deep mid-wicket. It cleared the rope with ease. The shot was measured at 98 metres7.5Berrington to Stanikzai, 1 run, the TV umpire came into play for a run-out but Shahzad was fine there. A tad fuller and slanted in, Stanikzai taps it to cover-point and scampers across for a quick single. The fielder at cover-point fires in a direct-hit at the stumps, but the batsman was well in there. No need for replays, I thinkThe TV umpire has been beckoned for a run-out at the batsman's end. He is easily home. As a result, Shahzad escapes.7.4Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, speared down leg, Shahzad clips it to deep square leg7.3Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, fullish and it stays a touch low outside off, Shahzad tries to pat it to third man and the ball snakes past the outside edge7.2Berrington to Mohammad Shahzad, 2 runs, good length delivery and on the stumps, Shahzad works it to long-on, who is a bit late to swoop down on the ball. The duo pinch a couple of runs7.1Berrington to Stanikzai, 1 run, fuller length delivery and on the stumps, Stanikzai clips it to deep mid-wicket after rolling his wrists on itRichie Berrington, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack6.6Mark Watt to Stanikzai, 1 run, flatter delivery from Watt, worked to long-on6.5Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, another full toss from Watt, Shahzad ventures out of the crease and clubs it to long-off6.4Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, Shahzad, this time, skips out of the crease, and Watt bowls a full toss. Shahzad though, can only slog it back towards the bowler6.3Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, flatter delivery and outside off, Shahzad is again beaten outside off as he looks to usher in the cut6.2Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, street-smart cricket from Shahzad. He premeditates to reverse sweep a flatter delivery and pierces the gap as the ball races away to the deep backward point fence6.1Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, from wide of the crease, Watt pushes it through and it stays a touch low, Shahzad misses out with the cut and is beatenMark Watt [1.0-0-8-0] is back into the attack5.6Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, no run, the slower one and on the stumps, Stanikzai drives it to the right of the bowler, who makes a sharp save5.5Safyaan Sharif to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, Shahzad again dances down the track to a full toss, but mistimes the slog to mid-wicket for a single5.4Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, good work by the captain, Mommsen at mid-wicket. Stanikzai charged down the track and heaved a full toss towards mid-wicket, where Scotland's captain dived to his right and made a fine stop5.3Safyaan Sharif to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, shorter in length and zeroing in on the stumps, Shahzad mistimes the pull to mid-wicket5.2Safyaan Sharif to Stanikzai, 1 run, Stanikzai chips down the track, but Sharif follows him with a back of a length delivery, Stanikzai makes room and then dabs it to mid-off for a single5.1Safyaan Sharif to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, on a length and targetting the stumps, Shahzad pushes it to mid-on and hares down to the other end to sneak in a quick singleSafyaan Sharif, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack4.6Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, no run, fuller length delivery and on off-stump, driven back towards the bowler, who stops it in his followthrough4.5Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, another one that is slanted in on the stumps, Shahzad pushes it to mid-on, took off immediately4.4Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, 1 run, good length delivery and on the stumps, Stanikzai clips it to deep square leg for an easy single. Stanikzai looks to pinch another run, but Shehzad says 'No'4.3Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, no run, fullish and on off-stump, Stanikzai push-drives it towards the cover-region. Nagging accuracy is what Evans is known for in the County circles4.2Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, no run, on a length and zooming in on the stumps, Stanikzai is steadfast in his back foot defence to mid-off4.1Alasdair Evans to Stanikzai, no run, a tad fuller and angled in, Stanikzai aims for the cut and gets an under-edge to the keeper3.6Davey to Stanikzai, 1 run, short of length delivery and outside off, Stanikzai taps it to cover-point for a quick single3.5Davey to Stanikzai, no run, Davey steams into the crease and hits the deck hard. He hurls it on a back of a length and bowls it just outside off, Stanikzai tries what can be called as a half-hearted cut shot and fails to get any wood on it3.4Davey to Stanikzai, SIX, yet again Stanikzai waltzes down the track and takes a heavy toll of a length delivery to bury it over the deep mid-wicket fence. Nice connection from Stanikzai there3.3Davey to Stanikzai, no run, Stanikzai charges down the track, but Davey follows him with a fuller length delivery. Stanikzai almost yorks himself and drives it back towards the bowler in the end3.2Davey to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, slightly back of a length delivery and in that channel outside off, Shahzad camps back and pats it to backward point who puts in a dive, but can't prevent from saving a single3.1Davey to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, good length delivery from Davey, defended2.6Alasdair Evans to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, short of length delivery and outside off, Shahzad stays slightly leg-side of the ball and dabs it to third manAsghar Stanikzai, right handed bat, comes to the crease2.5Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, out Caught by Davey!! The first incision has been made. In fact, it was asking to be thumped, but Zadran cracked the cut straight to the man at third man. Short and wide delivery, Zadran looks to cut it hard, but gets more of a top-edge and the fielder at third man, Davey, pouches the catch with both hands. Ali Zadran c Davey b Alasdair Evans 17(12) [4s-2 6s-1]Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!2.4Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, FOUR, a tad fuller and slanted in, Zadran allows for the ball to come onto the bat and then expertly opens the bat face and the ball vrooms to the third man fence2.3Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, no run, mediocred with width, Zadran cracks the cut towards the cover-region, but can't breach the gap there. It was begging to be hammered2.2Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, no run, short and a touch of width on offer from the former Derbyshire seamer, Evans, Zadran looks to flay the cut and misses2.1Alasdair Evans to Ali Zadran, no run, back of a length delivery and just outside off, punched down to cover, who misfields, but the duo can't pinch a singleAlasdair Evans, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack1.6Davey to Ali Zadran, 1 run, Davey yanks his length back a touch, Zadran pushes it to mid-on and sets off for a quick single. The fielder at mid-on swoops down on the ball quickly and fires in a throw at the non-striker's end, but misses. Anyway, the batsman was in there1.5Davey to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, fuller length delivery and slanted in, Shahzad pats it to backward point and scampers across to nab a quick single1.4Davey to Ali Zadran, 1 run, sliding down leg, Zadran awkwardly flicks it to mid-wicket, who misfleds and that facilitates a single. He closed his bat face a bit too early, on that occasion1.3Davey to Ali Zadran, FOUR, good length delivery and outside off, with a nice flow of hands, Zadran cracks the drive and it scurries to the deep extra cover boundary. Zadran got his leading elbow nice and high up to play that stroke1.2Davey to Ali Zadran, SIX, now that was a crackerjack shot. The former Somerset and Middlesex seamer, Davey drifts it down the leg-side, Zadran stylishly whips it over the mid-wicket fence. It cleared the boundary rope with ease1.1Davey to Ali Zadran, no run, slightly back of a length and angled in, Zadran is compact in his defenceJosh Davey, right-arm medium, comes into the attack0.6Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, 2 runs, on middle and leg, Shahzad flicks it to deep mid-wicket for a brace. Good running between the wickets there0.5Mark Watt to Ali Zadran, 1 run, too straight from Watt, clipped to deep backward square leg0.4Mark Watt to Ali Zadran, no run, stifled appeal for LBW, but turned down. Pushed through and on the stumps, Zadran gets an inside edge on an attempted flick0.3Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, Shahzad looks to go for the big shot, by heaving it across the line, but gets an inside edge to deep mid-wicket. It was an arm-ball from Watt0.2Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, from wide of the crease, Mark Watt pushes it through, chopped down to cover-point0.1Mark Watt to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, Afghanistan start on a bright note. Dragged down delivery from wide of the crease, Shahzad cracks the cut past the diving extra cover fielder and into the fence. It was in the air, but no damage doneMohammad Shahzad and Ali Zadran are at the crease. Mohammad Shahzad is on strike. Mark Watt will open the attackThe players are out in the middle. The National Anthems of both sides will be played out now. Well, this is a bit of a surprise. Scotland will start with Mark Watt. He bowls left-arm spin."The pitch was used before. The captains spoke about 150. But It's gonna be slow and it's gonna bite off the surface. With chances of dew coming in later on it might slide a little bit. As of now, it feels a pretty cold but the pitch remains same. The batsmen must bat accordingly, perhaps not aim too high," warns Pommie Mbangwa speaking about the conditions..HOWZSTAT: Scotland have played 5 T20Is against Afghanistan so far and surprisingly they have lost all of them. Will they set the record straight tonight?Teams:Afghanistan (Playing XI): Noor Ali Zadran, Mohammad Shahzad(w), Asghar Stanikzai(c), Mohammad Nabi, Najibullah Zadran, Gulbadin Naib, Shafiqullah Shafiq, Samiullah Shenwari, Dawlat Zadran, Rashid Khan, Amir HamzaScotland (Playing XI): Kyle Coetzer, Calum MacLeod, Matt Machan, Richie Berrington, Matthew Cross(w), Preston Mommsen(c), Josh Davey, George Munsey, Safyaan Sharif, Alasdair Evans, Mark WattPreston Mommsen: "We don't mind chasing, as there might be a bit of dew around. We will look to restrict them early on. We are absolutely happy with our preparation. We are positive and pretty excited. Our guys got runs and took wickets in the warm-up games. In the first game, 150-160 was tough to chase. We will look to restrict them and then we have got the batters to chase."Stanikzai: "We want to bat first. Wicket is good for batting. After that it might help the spinners. Yeah I saw the last game. There was a bit of help for the spinners then. 150 can be enough on this pitch. All of us are in good form."Afghanistan have won the toss and have opted to batSince the World T20 2014, Afghanistan have been in top form, winning 11 out of their 13 games. If we glance through their squad, Dawlat Zadran, Hamid Hassan and Shapoor Zadran form a handy pace attack. Mohammad Shahzad is known for his pyrotechnics. Nabi and Stanikzai are the other key players in the setup. At the other end of the spectrum, Scotland emerged as the joint winners of the World T20 Qualifiers held in Ireland and Scotland in 2015. Kyle Coetzer, Matthew Cross, Preston Mommsen, Josh Davey and Alasdair Evans will be expected to fire for them. We will have the toss and teams in a few minutes...In the opening encounter of the World T20, Zimbabwe just about held their nerve to pip Hong Kong and start their campaign on a winning note. Now, Asghar Stanikzai and his band of boys will lock horns against Scotland. Afghanistan's journey in the world of cricket has been an inspiring one. The deep scars of violence have not crushed the spirits of a hardy bunch of cricketers. In fact, in a short space of time, Afghanistan have become a force to reckon with. 
Preview:

With a stunning 11 wins in 13 games since the World T20 in 2014, Afghanistan come into the tournament with their hopes soaring. That they also blanked Zimbabwe 2-0 earlier this year should underline their progress as a cricketing nation. Their game against Zimbabwe could be one that decides who goes through to the main stage, but before that, they will be hoping for a winning start against Scotland.

Pace bowling is Afghanistan's biggest strength. In Dawlat Zadran, Hamid Hassan and Shapoor Zadran, they boast of a troika that can hit some serious pace and trouble the batsmen. Add to this the likes of wicketkeeper Mohammad Shahzad, who recently slammed a spectacular 118, Asghar Stanikzai, their captain, Mohammad Nabi, and Afghanistan have a squad capable of making the top spot in the qualifiers their own.

Scotland are the only side never to have won a game at the World T20 - an unenviable record, but they will be confident of turning that around this time. They finished joint-winners in the ICC World T20 qualifiers, alongside Netherlands. They have already defeated Hong Kong twice recently and will be hopefully of upsetting the applecart when they take on the more fancied Zimbabweans or Afghanistanis.

With players like Preston Mommsen, Kyle Coetzer and Matthew Cross in the line-up, Scotland boast of decent batsmen. But what remains to be seen is whether they will come good on unfamiliar tracks in India.