An exhilarating game of cricket where bowlers were rendered irrelevant. More like a slaughterhouse at the Wankhede. Massive scores. Around 460 runs scored. Phew! England have bounced back stunningly from their defeat against West Indies, and they had to. South Africa, well, they were just shadowed by England's batting muscle. So that's it from this one. It's time to sign off while wondering whether we'll see a day where bowling machines will replace bowlers in the shortest form. Goodbye!Here are some of the reactions on social media to that run-fest:Aakash Chopra - Batting won. Bowling lost. #ENG #SA #WT20Roshan Abeysinghe - The world talks of the AB's and the Kohlis! But what about Root? Very little mention doesnt make him any lesser player! What a knock todayStuart Broad - .@root66 is my main hero but @JasonRoy20 runs him close (pardon the pun) what a way to set the tone for a big run chase! So happy #WT20Harbhajan Singh- What a game End vs SA..well done @ECB_cricket for th record chase..one of those day when you don't want to be a bowlerBrian Lara - I'm proud to see a top class TEST BATSMAN @root66 play the most outstansing innings of the #ICCWT20 leading ENG to an impropable win. #classAnil Kumble - What a thriller that was!! @root66's knock was as entertaining as it could get! #ENGvsSA #AKLive #ICCWT20Matt Prior - Well played @root66 well played @englandcricket #WT20 #ENGvSAHerschelle Gibbs - Eng batsman up to the task..fantastic chase. @Root66Faf du Plessis: "We've played this game long enough to know that no score is unchaseable and that was the message to the bowlers that we needed to start with intensity and try and get a wicket or two. England played brilliantly and very aggressively in the first six and took the game away from us but there were a lot of extras from our side. Batting was superb. As you saw the first six overs was the best time to bat. Makes execution of your plans tough on this kind of ground. We gave around 25 or 28 extras and that's just too much."Morgan: "Honestly, I felt we would have to play out of our skin to chase it down. We did just that. Lot of talent in our group and the best way to play is the way we played tonight, with freedom, is the best way to play. That's the message to the squad. It's been brilliant, the past 12 months, where we have had some big chases. But to get a start like that from Roy and Hales was outstanding. Will take a lot of confidence from tonight. Did a lot of things right. Started well with the bat and finished well with the ball. The game nowadays is asking a lot of questions from the bowlers as the batsmen are finding new ways to score. Sometimes, the simple plans are the best. We played with a positive mindset in the West Indies game, and thought if we got Gayle out, we might open up their middle order. But he scored most of their runs and is such an influential player."Root: "It's just nice to contribute to a win. At halftime the talk was not to get greedy and try for 20 an over. Be sensible and take it really deep. Guys were so calm under pressure. Just back your natural instinct. Try and build a partnership. Couldn't have asked for a better start. Made our job easier as we were ahead of the game from the off. It's about staying cool, get a boundary an over and rotate strike. Bowlers are always under pressure in this format of the game. Longer you can build a partnership, the more pressure you put on them. Fabulous wicket. To get 460 runs on it, just fabulous. The guys would want to carry it with them."Joe Root is Man of the Match.Kyle Abbot's toe-crushing yorkers and smart slower deliveries halted the chariot for a while but England were clear about their ideas - drop the guard and exchange blows, somehow this caught South Africa off guard. For the English are not known for this brand of cricket. How often do we see Joe Root reverse sweeping pacers for sixes? What an innings he played! One of the best you will ever see in T20Is. The run chase at the Wankhede had something for everyone, except for the South African fans. Unfortunately for the Proteas they now have the dubious distinction of being at the receiving end of the two biggest successful chases in T20Is. It is tough to be a bowler nowadays. For they are the ones who receive the maximum blows in a slugfest. Tonight at the Wankhede was no different as it turned out to be a graveyard for the bowlers. First the England bowlers bore the brunt and then du Plessis's bowlers were under the pump as the England batters decided to bring their game face on. Once England had hit the rock bottom, the only way was up. Jason Roy started like a raucous high tide, threatening to gobble up everything. Before he could be calmed, England were in ascendancy. 19.4Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, 1 run, no they can't. Ali chips a full ball over mid-off and jogs away to victory. Relief in the England camp as the players jump in joy. Ali and Rashid hug each other. What a performance from an under fire team! It's the highest run-chase in WT20s and second highest in T20Is. Spectacular game19.3Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, no run, oooh, what's going on? Almost a yorker outside off, squeezed to short cover. Can South Africa pull the heist of the century?Adil Rashid, right handed bat, comes to the crease19.2Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, out Willey Run Out!! Now Willey has been run-out. 8 down England. Third umpire has been called for to check. But AB has done a brilliant job at the stumps. Half-volley punched wide of mid-off, lots of hesitation between the batsmen who nearly meet mid-pitch, Ali decides to send Willey back by which time Miller returns the throw to AB who swoops in from mid-on, collects and knocks the stumps. Willey run out (D Miller/de Villiers) 0(0)Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!David Willey, left handed bat, comes to the crease19.1Kyle Abbott to Jordan, out Caught by Duminy!! Eish, we'll have to wait. Short ball outside off, Jordan's bottom hand comes off the handle as he pulls ferociously, slices it off a top edge towards deep backward square. Duminy has to pedal back slightly, catches it with a reverse cup, before falling heavily on his back. Jordan c Duminy b Kyle Abbott 5(3) [4s-1]Kyle Abbott to Jordan, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Kyle Abbott [3.0-0-40-2] is back into the attackOne run needed. All the talk at the halfway mark about how England were blown away. They are doing it in a stroll.18.6Rabada to Jordan, 1 run, he's absolutely swattered a short ball from head height to deep mid-wicket. A couple of house-flies lie beheaded on the pitch18.5Rabada to Jordan, FOUR, Morgan is up on his feet applauding as Jordan smacks a full toss through extra-cover. It's been a match of errors18.4Rabada to Moeen Ali, 1 run, short of length and hurries Ali on the pull and he flaps it in the air towards deep mid-wicket, lands just short7 from 9. What a game it's been.18.3Rabada to Moeen Ali, FOUR, swats a length ball through mid-wicket and there's no one in the deep. Runs away. England move closerChris Jordan, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.2Rabada to Root, out Caught by D Miller!! Root is GONE. Just checking if the ball is over waist height. Didn't seem like it. Got slightly suprised by the full toss and mistimed the slog to deep mid-wicket. Itchety fidgety? Surely not. Not from here. Root c D Miller b Rabada 83(44) [4s-6 6s-3]Rabada to Root, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!18.1Rabada to Root, no run, near yorker tailing in on middle, softly flicked to square legKagiso Rabada [3.0-0-40-1] is back into the attackIt's 11 off 12 now. Too easy.17.6C Morris to Moeen Ali, leg byes, FOUR, the errors keep piling up. In the field. With the ball. Everywhere. Angled in sharply from round the wicket, cramps Ali up and hits the pad. Cruelly, the ball deflects fine of third man where Abbott runs round, gets there and dives over the ball while missing with his attempted flick17.5C Morris to Moeen Ali, no run, wide yorker and it's been squirted to backward point off the toe-end17.4C Morris to Root, 1 run, full on leg, flicked through square leg17.3C Morris to Root, FOUR, slips in the bouncer, beats Root for pace and also manages to get big on him. Root swings hard, gets a faint top-edge and beats a jumping de Kock17.2C Morris to Root, FOUR, sliced over backward point. Brilliant batting. He's picked 8 off the first 2 balls and all but sealed it. Full and outside off, backs away, gets under the ball and carves it away17.1C Morris to Root, FOUR, oh gosh. The bowling has been shocking today. From both sides. Length ball down leg, giftwrapped with a bow, Root tickles it fineChris Morris [2.0-0-26-0] is back into the attackEngland have not buried the game yet. South Africa will still feel they have a flicker of a chance. 28 needed off the final 3.16.6Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, no run, the bottom hand comes off as he stretches to slice a low full toss to backward point16.5Kyle Abbott to Root, 1 run, reaches out to squeeze a yorker through the covers16.4Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, 1 run, hammers it into the blockhole outside off, Ali can only squeeze it in front of backward point16.4Kyle Abbott to Moeen Ali, wide, shocking full toss, shocking line - well wide of off, Ali can't reach out and it's been widedCrowd is up and roaring. That six from Root had been caught nonchalantly by a security guard. And he soaks in all the spotlight as the replays flash on the big screen16.3Kyle Abbott to Root, 1 run, low full toss which tails in on leg, flicked through square leg16.2Kyle Abbott to Root, SIX, lofted in the air, lofted over long-on, lofted for SIX. Gets it on a length on middle, clears the front leg and goes through the line. Lovely timing16.1Kyle Abbott to Root, FOUR, flogged over and wide of square leg. Full ball trying to follow Root as he moves to leg, he picks it up and whips it in the air quite deliberatelyKyle Abbott [2.0-0-26-2] is back into the attack15.6Tahir to Root, 1 run, fires a low full toss on middle, Root sweeps powerfully behind square but in the vicinity of Amla who slides and stops15.5Tahir to Moeen Ali, 1 run, tossed up googly outside off, draws Ali into the drive and dips on him, slices it in the air through extra-coverMoeen Ali, left handed bat, comes to the crease15.4Tahir to Buttler, out Stumped!! Buttler has run past a googly, and is Stumped. Or is he? de Kock lost the ball in the process of whipping the bails. But the question is, did he have it in possession when he disturbed the timber? Yes he does. OUT flashes on the screen. Where did Buttler want to go but? Missed a tuck down leg, or maybe got some pad, might have thought he's got it wide of the keeper and started running. More replays suggest he had run it straight of the bat-face into the gloves of de Kock. So should have been given caught. Buttler st de Kock b Tahir 21(14) [4s-1 6s-1]Tahir to Buttler, THAT'S OUT!! Stumped!!15.3Tahir to Root, 1 run, now that's brilliant improvisation in a crisis. Tries a paddled sweep first, sees the line is outside off, then ramps it over the keeper's head and behind short third man15.2Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, sliding down leg, Buttler goes down on one knee and sweeps it to short fine leg15.1Tahir to Root, 1 run, slips a flatter ball on a length on leg, tucked through mid-wicketEngland need 47 runs in 30 balls14.6C Morris to Root, 1 run, chops the yorker off an inside edge in front of backward square leg, while trying to slice it through the off-side14.5C Morris to Buttler, 1 run, banged into the blockhole and squeezed towards long-off14.5C Morris to Buttler, wide, too short, too wide outside off, Buttler prefers to take the extra14.4C Morris to Root, 1 run, low full toss whipped to long-on14.3C Morris to Root, SIX, how about it! How about it! One hit away from a fifty, Root bends low, picks a low full toss from off, and reverse laps it over short third man. Then raises his bat calmly. Easy as.14.2C Morris to Buttler, 1 run, fired into the blockhole just outside off, squeezed in front of extra-cover14.1C Morris to Root, 1 run, full on the pads and flicked wide of deep mid-wicket where Miller is quick. Keeps them to one14.1C Morris to Root, wide, strays it down leg, wide enough to beat Root on his glanceChris Morris [1.0-0-13-0] is back into the attackWho will be the man Faf goes to? Steyn has 2. Morris has 3. Think Tahir will bowl his remaining 1 over. He's gone to Morris.13.6Tahir to Root, 1 run, flatter and turning slightly from a length on off, patted with the turn through the covers13.5Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, darts a low full toss on the pads, and is clipped through square leg13.4Tahir to Root, 1 run, looped up and driven to long-on13.3Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, tries to play through the off-side but hadn't read the googly, chops it off the inside edge through mid-wicket13.2Tahir to Buttler, 2 runs, flatter on off, Buttler punches it through extra-cover. Morris puts in the dive running across from sweeper cover, and relays it to AB for a good tag-team stop13.2Tahir to Buttler, 3 wides, fired down leg, and de Kock can only get some glove. Dew comes to the fielding team's rescue this time as the ball holds up and short fine leg chases it down13.1Tahir to Root, 1 run, looked like the googly but too full to tell, flicked through mid-wicketImran Tahir [2.0-0-13-0] is back into the attackSomething needs to click for South Africa to pull things back. It looks rather easy right now the way they are going. 70 off 7 overs12.6Steyn to Root, 1 run, bent knee, high elbow as he drives a full ball sweetly to sweeper cover12.5Steyn to Root, FOUR, here's evidence. Slips out a full toss down leg which is helped away fine of short fine leg. England are canteringThe white towels are out there. Dew picking up12.4Steyn to Root, 2 runs, full ball on middle and whipped wide of long-on, wide enough to fetch a couple12.3Steyn to Buttler, 1 run, slower length ball on off, nudged through mid-wicket12.2Steyn to Root, 1 run, short of length and pulled off the front foot to deep mid-wicket12.2Steyn to Root, wide, ah, Steyn is in disbelief. Hands on hips and walks past the umpire. Bowls it wide outside off deliberately as Root tries a reverse swat, manages to get it out of his reach and inside the tramlines. And the umpire has signalled it wide12.1Steyn to Root, 2 runs, very full on the pads, and it's flicked wide of deep mid-wicket who runs across and slides to stopDale Steyn [1.0-0-23-0] is back into the attackAfter that initial Powerplay onslaught, the required rate has kept hovering around 10 an over. 82 from 48.11.6Duminy to Buttler, SIX, the crowd roars as it's Buttler's chance now. Rank long-hop on the stumps and poof! Gone. Over the backward square leg fence11.5Duminy to Root, 1 run, backs away and cuts it to deep cover11.4Duminy to Root, 2 runs, oh Hashim Amla, well done. Pulled hard behind square, Amla races to his left, stretches both hands to reach out and manages a half-stop. The ball is still skirting close to the cushions and Amla does the same to cut it out11.3Duminy to Buttler, 1 run, tossed up full on middle, nudged to long-on11.2Duminy to Root, 1 run, darted on leg, nudged with the turn behind square11.1Duminy to Root, FOUR, Root is garnering momentum now, and Duminy has to stop bowling short. Just sits up for the pull and it's been hit wide of long-on10.6C Morris to Buttler, FOUR, shocking ball with third man up. Short of length once more and wide of off. It's Buttler now who leans back and slices it over the field10.5C Morris to Root, leg byes, 1 run, Morris is hurrying them. Skids on sharply from a length to hit the pad. Going down leg easily10.4C Morris to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, length ball angled in on leg, Buttler tries to whip it away, but is late to get the bat across, rolls away off the pad towards mid-wicket10.4C Morris to Buttler, wide, excellent take from de Kock. Wouldn't have been easy as it was a full toss and the ball landed in not very far from him. Grabs it in the left hand10.3C Morris to Root, 1 run, definite hint of reverse as the yorker lands perfectly on middle, Root rushes to dig it out and jams it to long-off10.2C Morris to Root, SIX, he's sliced it over backward point and it's gone all the way. Short ball outside off, Root arches his back and flays it brilliantly10.1C Morris to Buttler, 1 run, sharp indipper which cramps Buttler from a good length, sneaks past his inside edge and hits the back thigh to deflect in front of backward point. The umpire has detected some inside edge. AnywayChris Morris, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack9.6Duminy to Root, SIX, now he slots it away. Rank long-hop, the kind which Root has been missing for an eternity, this time he rocks back and pummels the pull over deep mid-wicket9.5Duminy to Buttler, 1 run, short and turning down leg, I am looking for it in the stands, but it's been edged to short fine leg. Badly botched pullJos Buttler, right handed bat, comes to the crease9.4Duminy to Eoin Morgan, out Bowled!! Poor choice of shot and England are faltering now. Flatter arm-ball skidding on towards middle and leg, Morgan is severely cramped, still tries to dab it late and all he can do is chop it onto the stumps off the underedge. Eoin Morgan b Duminy 12(15)Duminy to Eoin Morgan, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!9.3Duminy to Eoin Morgan, no run, tossed up for a change, fullish outside off, slaps the drive to extra-cover9.2Duminy to Root, 1 run, again darts it short as Root ventures out, he whips to long-on who is too quick. So much so that he misfields. They don't take advantage9.1Duminy to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, waits on the flatter ball to skid on, and dabs to short third man8.6Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, employs the reverse sweep and hits it to short third man. They bank on Rabada's fragility and pinch the run8.5Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 2 runs, swats the full toss wide of long-on, didn't hit it well enough and the fielder cuts it off8.4Tahir to Eoin Morgan, no run, this time the leg-break from a similar length on off, Morgan reads it and blocks8.3Tahir to Eoin Morgan, no run, excellent googly which lands on a perfect length, far enough from Morgan that he can't smother it with a lunge, then grips and turns past the outside edge. His back foot nearly drags out. Doesn't matter though as de Kock has fumbled8.2Tahir to Root, 1 run, flatter on off, punched to extra-cover8.2Tahir to Root, wide, he's left one alone and then breathes a sigh of relief seeing the umpire's arms go up. Darted well wide of off, marginally beyond the tramline8.1Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, quick full toss outside off, slapped to long-offAn over of utter filth proves to be the best over of the innings. Well, joint best7.6Duminy to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, holds it back beautifully seeing Morgan charge, contains him to a push down to long-off7.5Duminy to Root, 1 run, dragged down on the stumps and pulled all along the carpet to deep mid-wicket7.4Duminy to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, oh nice. Quicker and skids on rapidly towards middle, cramps Morgan for room despite him moving to leg. But he manages to get beside the ball and pat it into the off-side7.3Duminy to Root, 1 run, three short balls in a row and has got away all three times. This one's wide outside off, Root swats the pull down to long-on7.2Duminy to Root, 2 runs, goes back and powers the pull to the right of Rabada at deep mid-wicket and the pacer does well to slide across and cut it off7.1Duminy to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, drops it short outside off, Morgan backs away and slaps to deep pointJean-Paul Duminy, right-arm off break, comes into the attackIdeal time to get rid of Duminy's overs..6.6Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, rank long hop and Tahir gets away with it, Morgan could have placed it anywhere, instead he slaps it straight to the man at deep cover. Good start for Tahir, only 7 off the over6.5Tahir to Root, 1 run, flatter and on off, Root punches it to long-on and called for two, but sees ABD charging in and decides against it6.4Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, slower on middle and leg, Morgan eases it down to long-on6.3Tahir to Root, 1 run, quicker, fuller and around off, Root squeezes the drive out to sweeper cover6.2Tahir to Root, 2 runs, excellent bit of work from Rabada. Flighted around off, Root goes down on one knee and laps it fine, Rabada had to cover some distance, he gets there with a dive and saves two for the team6.1Tahir to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, tossed up on the stumps, Morgan leans forward and nudges it through the vacant mid-wicket region, Root wanted two but Morgan is content with oneImran Tahir, right-arm leg break, comes into the attackSouth Africa scored 83 runs in their powerplay. England are ahead in terms of runs, but have lost three wickets. The pair currently at the crease along with Buttler will be crucial to the chase...5.6Rabada to Root, no run, short delivery down leg, Root swivels and misses to connect with the pull. He expected the umpire to signal a wide for line, but umpire Paul Reiffel kept his hands down5.5Rabada to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, shortish and around off, Morgan waits and cuts it late towards short third man, Abbott dives to his left and fumbles, allow the England skipper to open his account. Rabada not happy with the effort5.5Rabada to Eoin Morgan, wide, splays it down leg, if not for a full length dive from QdK, it would have been four. Too far for Morgan to reach it, QdK pulls out an excellent saveEoin Morgan, left handed bat, comes to the crease5.4Rabada to Stokes, out Caught by C Morris!! Stokes is on his knee. He can't believe what he has done. South Africa are delighted. That is a crucial wicket as they know how dangerous Stokes can be. A full toss on the pads, begging to be put in the stands, Stokes swings across the line and finds deep backward square. Morris didn't have to move much, stood his ground and reverse cupped it. Stokes c C Morris b Rabada 15(9) [4s-1 6s-1]Rabada to Stokes, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!5.3Rabada to Root, 1 run, second successive yorker, on off-stump, Root brings his bat down and jams it to leg, Stokes calls for a quick single and the duo make it easily in the end5.2Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, why not keep there on a more consistent basis? A yorker aimed at the base of middle, Stokes digs it out to long-on5.1Rabada to Stokes, SIX, Stokes was itching to get one off the middle and he gets one, finally. A 94-metre six. Length delivery around off, Stokes clears his front leg to get a clean swing, heaves it over deep mid-wicket for a maximum4.6Kyle Abbott to Stokes, 1 run, low full toss just outside off, Stokes gave it his all and drove down the ground. AB moves across to his right from long-on and tidies up. No point risking a second against him4.5Kyle Abbott to Root, 1 run, slightly short of good length and outside off, Root is the classical player, opens the bat face and steers it down to third man to get off the mark4.4Kyle Abbott to Stokes, 1 run, yorker length on the stumps, Stokes squeezes it to mid-on4.4Kyle Abbott to Stokes, 5 wides, wasted delivery. QdK had no chance. Dug in really short, almost near his boot, Stokes had to do nothing, just watches it sail over him and so does QdKJoe Root, right handed bat, comes to the crease4.3Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, out Caught by de Kock!! A superb innings comes to an end. He has kept England alive with his pyrotechnics. South Africa will be slightly relieved seeing the back of Roy. Abbott with his second wicket and by far as looked the best bowler for the Proteas. Sees Roy setting himself up for another lap over short fine, drags the length back and doesn't allow him to get under that, Roy gets it high on the bat and balloons to the left of QdK, who moves across to glove it. Replays show it was the back of the hand slower ball from Abbott. Clever stuff! Jason Roy c de Kock b Kyle Abbott 43(16) [4s-5 6s-3]Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!4.2Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, SIX, wow! Just as we thought Abbott is the best executioner of the yorker, he gets one wrong. Low full toss around off, Roy moves across, stoops low and scoops it over short fine. The pace of Abbott takes it over the rope4.1Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, no run, Abbott is very good with his yorkers. Gets another one right, Roy can't do much, jams it back down the wicket3.6Rabada to Jason Roy, 1 run, low full toss, Roy digs it to mid-on, who is sitting right on the edge of the circle3.5Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, Rabada goes up for LBW. That would have missed leg. Wait! Umpire S Ravi gives it as runs. Another well-directed yorker from Rabada, Stokes gets his front leg out of the way, misses it by a whisker and is struck on the back pad. It was going to miss leg-stump3.4Rabada to Stokes, no run, excellent response. Quick bouncer, Stokes had to take evasive action, he sways away from the line of the delivery and drops his gloves as well. Good cricket all round3.3Rabada to Stokes, FOUR, Stokes has been sent with a license and he is not going to sit around and watch Roy go hammer and tongs. Sees the width on offer and throws the kitchen sink at it, slices it off the outer half of the bat towards third man, Morris had no chance to stop that3.2Rabada to Jason Roy, 1 run, Rabada spears in a yorker just outside off, bowled with a cross-seam, Roy clears his front leg and squeezes the drive to long-off3.1Rabada to Jason Roy, 2 runs, Rabada gets away with a full toss. Roy was better off hitting through the off-side, instead he takes the difficult option, heaves it off the inner part to deep mid-wicketKagiso Rabada [1.0-0-21-0] is back into the attack2.6Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, 1 run, low full toss just outside off, Roy toe-ends the drive to long-off. England won't mind that that as he keeps strike2.5Kyle Abbott to Jason Roy, SIX, second fastest team fifty. Roy brings up the landmark with an audacious pull shot. Picked up the length so quickly, got into position, swivelled and sent into the crowd at deep square leg2.4Kyle Abbott to Stokes, 1 run, that's a brilliant yorker. Not much any batsman could do with that. Aimed at the base of off, Stokes brings his bat down and jams it to mid-off, scampers across for a quick singleBen Stokes, left handed bat, comes to the creaseStokes sent up. England fighting fire with fire... Remember Stokes's 257 against South Africa. Here he is...2.3Kyle Abbott to Hales, out Lbw!! Abbott goes up and umpire Paul Reiffel obliges. The carnage has a brief stop. The umpire checks for a front foot no-ball, Abbott is fine on that account. Hales hits the bat on the turf as he makes his way back to the dugout. It was a low full toss on the stumps, Hales fails to connect on the flick, is struck around the ankle, would have gone on to hit leg-stump. South Africa needed that wicket. Hales lbw b Kyle Abbott 17(7) [4s-4]Kyle Abbott to Hales, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!2.2Kyle Abbott to Hales, no run, full and was there to be driven, Hales goes hard on the drive and mistimes it to mid-on2.1Kyle Abbott to Hales, FOUR, Hales says, if you can do it, I can do it as well to Roy. Shortish and around chest height, Hales gets into a good position and pulls it behind square on the leg-side, raced away to the fenceKyle Abbott, right-arm medium, comes into the attack1.6Steyn to Jason Roy, SIX, there he goes again. Another over that costs more than 20. Already the equation has come down to 10. Length delivery on the stumps, Roy manages to get inside the line and plays the pick-up shot to perfection, goes flying over backward square for a maximum1.5Steyn to Jason Roy, FOUR, Rabada or Steyn, Roy has one way to play them tonight. If it is in his arc, he is not holding back. Good length ball just outside off, Roy hammers it over mid-off, hits the ad cushions on the bounce. Stand and deliver stuff from the England opener1.4Steyn to Hales, 1 run, good length ball on off, Hales fetches it from there and whips it in front of square on the leg-side, looked ugly but he gets a single for it1.3Steyn to Hales, FOUR, third on the trot. Steyn still struggling with his line, this is well down leg, Hales just had to get some wood on that, he tickles it fine and helps himself to another boundary1.2Steyn to Hales, FOUR, poor stuff from one of the best bowlers in the world. Another one on the pads, Hales leans forward and flicks it behind square, there was a fielder in the deep, but he could only pick the ball from the fence1.1Steyn to Hales, FOUR, shelled! These decide matches. Abbott lets one burst through his fingers. It was not a great delivery from Steyn, full and on the pads, whipped to short fine leg, Abbott moved to his left, got both hands but couldn't hang on. Steyn stays calm and doesn't utter anything, very unlike SteynDale Steyn, right-arm fast, comes into the attack0.6Rabada to Jason Roy, FOUR, the best of the lot. Poses for the cameras as well. Pitched up on the stumps, Roy presents the full face of the bat and drives it down the ground, mid-on could only see it race past him to his left. Excellent start for England, 21 off it and they are up for the challenge0.5Rabada to Jason Roy, no run, on a length and slight away movement, Roy goes for the loft through the line, is undone by the late swing and is beaten on the outside edge. Much better line and length from Rabada0.4Rabada to Jason Roy, FOUR, third boundary off the over. Not a bad delivery, short of length rises up to the tummy, Roy pulls it off the front foot to the right of square leg, no chance of fine leg cutting that off0.4Rabada to Jason Roy, 5 wides, sharp bouncer. But the line is wrong from Rabada. Down leg and Roy stays inside the line and watches it sail over his left shoulder. QdK jumps up and the ball evades him, five bonus runs for England0.3Rabada to Jason Roy, no run, back of a length and skids off the surface, Roy was waiting for the length delivery, is hurried on the flick and wears it on the thigh0.2Rabada to Jason Roy, FOUR, Roy is not going to hold back. Rabada pulled the length back slightly, but there was width for Roy to play with, he slices the loft over the infield on the off-side, dribbles away to the fence0.1Rabada to Jason Roy, FOUR, straightaway! Positive intent from Roy. Fuller length and in the driving arc, Roy plants his front foot forward and tonks it to the right of mid-off, no half measures and the ball scooted awayJason Roy and Hales are at the crease. Jason Roy is on strike. Rabada will open the attackThe batters have done their bit for South Africa. On a placid wicket with dew probably coming into play, how will Steyn and Co. go? As far as England are concerned, they need a good start. Welcome back.. Faf and his men are in the customary huddle. The captain is doing all the talking. "England should not die wandering," reckons Nasser Hussain. Here come Hales and Roy. Rabada is already there waiting for the umpire. Roy to face the music first up. Morgan is padded up and looks up for the battle. A slip in place and Rabada steams in...."Good wicket. We have got a good score, now we have to bowl well. There was some swing up front and hence I used my feet. I wouldn't say it is too much of a tactic, but it worked today. The new ball was coming on and we have to bowl well with it. We'll go out there and see if there is any dew. We have trained hard and we'll see how it goes out there" - a confident sounding Quinton de Kock.After feeding on some mediocrity, QDK holed out to deep mid-wicket, de Villiers came, left after two big hits. Soon after, Moeen Ali sent Amla back but the innings was already in a fast-paced lane, devoid of speed-breakers. Unsure about how conditions are going to be in the next half, South Africa kept their plan simple - see, hit. DO NOT WASTE TIME. They might have lost a few wickets in the middle overs but when you have a batting line up longer than the tail of an Irish Wolfhound, you can afford to get reckless. The finishing touches were provided by Miller and Duminy giving South Africa 47 more than what England had the other day against West Indies. The question is do England have a Gayle?I cannot tell you for sure whether England believe in stars or not but luck has definitely turned its back on them. For the second consecutive time in the tournament, the England bowlers looked hapless as the Proteafire gave serious burns to them. The first over was the lull before the storm with only 2 runs coming off it, off the next three came 48. On expected lines, QDK started the carnage, then in the 5th over, a saint-like Amla clubbed Chris Jordan for 22 runs. The belligerence from the duo begot 83 runs in the powerplay- 3rd highest in the history of World T20.19.6Jordan to D Miller, FOUR, what a way to finish. Length delivery slanted across the left-hander, Miller had to reach out for that, he does so and smashes it towards deep extra cover. Sweeper had a few yards to cover and he couldn't get there19.5Jordan to D Miller, SIX, full toss on the pads and Miller doesn't need a second invitation. He says thank you very much, gets those strong forearms into play and whips it over deep mid-wicket. Stokes was only a spectator19.4Jordan to Duminy, 1 run, dropped! The skipper puts one down. Just sums up England's display in the field. Very full delivery, Duminy slices it with the bat face turning towards extra cover, Morgan runs forward, dives and gets both hands, but can't hang on19.3Jordan to Duminy, no run, yorker slanted across the left-hander, Duminy bends down and can't squeeze it out. Rare dot delivery..19.2Jordan to Duminy, SIX, fifty for Duminy. Third of the innings for South Africa. Any thoughts regarding his place in the side have been thrown out of the window. Miller goes and congratulates his partner. Full toss around off, Duminy hoicks it towards long-on, was in the air for a while, but cleared a leaping Roy19.1Jordan to D Miller, 1 run, low full toss around off, Miller was disappointed with himself, yells "NO" as he drives to long-onChris Jordan [2.0-0-31-0] is back into the attackJordan to bowl the final over. How much can South Africa garner?18.6Topley to D Miller, 1 run, fullish from Topley, Miller drills it as hard as he could, straight to long-off though18.5Topley to Duminy, 3 runs, fuller and on the stumps, was in the spot for a swing towards cow corner, Duminy went too hard on the heave, dragged it off the inner part to deep mid-wicket. Stokes fires in a throw at the striker's end. Moeen Ali makes a mess of it backing up and the duo sneak in an extra run18.4Topley to D Miller, 1 run, getting better. Yorker aimed at the base of leg-stump, Miller moves his front leg out of the way and jams it to long-on18.3Topley to Duminy, 1 run, fine delivery. Fires it right into the blockhole, Duminy can't get underneath this one, only manages to squeeze it behind square on the leg-sidePressure on Topley! Not the start he would have wanted..18.2Topley to Duminy, SIX, this is even better. The 200 comes up for South Africa. The slower delivery on a fuller length, right in the zone for Duminy, who plonks his front foot forward and lofts it beautifully over extra cover for a second six18.1Topley to Duminy, SIX, Topley's poor night with the ball continues. Starts the over with a friendly full toss just outside off, Duminy makes a bit of room and lofts inside out, had enough power to clear the ropeReece Topley [1.0-0-15-0] is back into the attack17.6Willey to Duminy, 1 run, length ball on the stumps, Duminy kneels down to play the scoop, gets it off the inner half of the bat to fine leg. Keeps strike for the penultimate over. Once again, one bad delivery ruins the over17.5Willey to D Miller, 1 run, low full toss following the batsman who was backing away, clipped to deep mid-wicket17.4Willey to D Miller, SIX, the commentators curse. Just when I said, it was a good over so far. Willey doesn't get the yorker right, bowls a full toss on leg-stump, Miller had to pick his spot, he swings across the line and sends it over deep mid-wicket17.3Willey to Duminy, 1 run, Duminy decides to give the charge, yorks himself and ends up flicking it to deep square leg. Three singles in the over, England and Willey would take that at this stage17.2Willey to D Miller, 1 run, another well-directed yorker, Miller can't get underneath that, gets his leg out of the way and squirts it off the inside edge to fine leg17.1Willey to Duminy, 1 run, yorker speared in from over the wicket, Duminy clears his front leg and jams it to deep mid-wicketEngland have pulled things back after the fall of Amla. The yorkers are being well executed. And if they can contain South Africa to under 220, it would be a job well done...16.6Jordan to Duminy, 1 run, shortens the length outside off, Duminy waits and back cuts it to third man. Apart from the four, it was a good over from Jordan16.5Jordan to D Miller, 1 run, in the blockhole and around off, Miller eases it to sweeper cover16.4Jordan to Duminy, 1 run, England have been poor in the field. There was no single and Jordan lets Duminy scamper across. Fuller and Duminy pushes it back to the bowler, Jordan doesn't bend down enough in his followthrough. Lets the ball escape16.3Jordan to D Miller, 1 run, very full and almost yorker length, Miller squeezes the drive to extra cover, quick single taken16.2Jordan to D Miller, FOUR, Jordan dishes out buffets balls and continues to get punished. Length delivery on the pads, Miller gets inside the line and glances it fine. The fielder puts in a desperate dive, all in vain16.1Jordan to Duminy, 1 run, fullish and outside off, Duminy leans into the drive to sweeper coverChris Jordan [1.0-0-22-0] is back into the attack15.6Willey to Duminy, 1 run, Willey is getting some inward movement. Another yorker curls back in and Duminy can only drive it towards mid-off. A very good over from Willey, just 7 runs and the wicket of Faf15.5Willey to D Miller, 1 run, huge shout for LBW. Ravi gives it as runs. Morgan can't believe it. Yorker tailing in on middle, Miller is late in bringing his bat down, is pinged on the right boot. There was no inside edge and Miller is lucky to be out there. Would have crashed into leg-stump15.4Willey to Duminy, 1 run, low full toss and on the stumps, Duminy digs it out to long-on15.4Willey to Duminy, wide, gets the radar wrong on the attempted yorker, well down leg and Duminy fails to lay bat on the glanceDavid Miller, left handed bat, comes to the crease15.3Willey to du Plessis, out Caught by Jason Roy!! Utter rubbish gets a wicket. It was a low full toss, just below knee height, was on middle and leg, du Plessis stayed on leg-stump, stooped low and heaves it to deep mid-wicket, gets it nowhere close to the middle and holes out. Roy had to move in a few yards, he does so and pouches it comfortably. Might be a good thing for South Africa as it brings Miller to the crease. du Plessis c Jason Roy b Willey 17(17) [4s-1]Willey to du Plessis, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!15.2Willey to du Plessis, 2 runs, in the air and just over extra cover. The length was there to play the inside out loft, Faf made room as well, but the bat turned and he sliced it towards extra cover. Morgan ran back, just fell in front of himOnce again Morgan and Willey confer and make few field changes. Round the wicket to Faf...15.1Willey to Duminy, 1 run, good start. Right up into the blockhole, Duminy can't do much with that, gets his front leg out of the way and squeezes it off the inner part of the bat to deep mid-wicketDavid Willey [2.0-0-22-0] is back into the attackWilley back and quite a few changes being made to the field. Third man in and so too is mid-off..14.6Stokes to Duminy, 1 run, better, fuller and couple of inches short from the yorker length, Duminy closes the bat face and drives to long-on. For the fourth succsessive over, he hogs the strike from Faf14.6Stokes to Duminy, wide, sprays this well outside off, Duminy tries to reach it with a slash, too far. Wide called14.5Stokes to Duminy, FOUR, Stokes hangs his head back, in fact bends down in disbelief. But he has no one else to blame than him. Full toss on the pads, that's easy pickings for any batsman, Duminy tickles it fine and beats short fine comfortably14.4Stokes to du Plessis, 1 run, Stokes gets away with a juicy full toss outside off, du Plessis creams the drive to sweeper cover14.3Stokes to du Plessis, byes, 2 runs, sloppy from Buttler. du Plessis wanted to play the scoop again. Stokes fires a low full toss outside off, Faf tries to adjust and goes for the reverse lap, doesn't make connection and Buttler fails to glove the ball, two bonus runs14.2Stokes to du Plessis, FOUR, premeditation. Length delivery around off, du Plessis had made up his mind to play the scoop, shuffles across and plays it fine, not off the middle but enough to fetch him four14.1Stokes to Duminy, 1 run, banged in halfway down the wicket, Duminy gets into a nice position and nails the pull shot. Unfortunately picks out the deep mid-wicket fielder. Either side and that would have been fourBen Stokes [1.0-0-11-0] is back into the attack13.6Root to Duminy, 1 run, quicker and around off, Duminy stays leg-side of the ball and eases it behind square on the off-side, retains strike with a single. An over that should have gone for less than 10, goes for 1313.5Root to Duminy, FOUR, that is rubbing salt into the wound. Duminy should not have been on strike. However, it was a rank long hop from Root, short and down leg, Duminy swivels and pulls it behind square, no chance for the man in the deep13.4Root to Duminy, FOUR, Root is livid. Morgan is also not happy. It was a relatively easy stop, but Hales has made a mess of it. Duminy mistimes the loft towards long-on, goes on the bounce and Hales overruns the ball, it deviates ever so slightly and beats his outstretched left hand13.3Root to du Plessis, 1 run, drops it short and offers width outside off, cracked in front of square on the off-sideStays round the wicket to Faf...13.2Root to Duminy, 1 run, tossed up from round the wicket, Duminy strides forward and drives to sweeper cover13.1Root to Duminy, 2 runs, Duminy advances and Root pushes it down leg, Duminy adjusts and works it with soft hands into the on-side, no one in the ring and by the time Buttler chased it down, the duo scampered back for the secondJoe Root, right-arm off break, comes into the attackEngland's tweakers have completed their quota. Moeen Ali: 4-0-34-2 and Adil Rashid: 4-0-35-1. The duo have brought their side back in the game and Morgan opts for more spin. Here is Root...12.6Adil Rashid to Duminy, 1 run, Rashid drifts one outside off, eased square on the off-side for a single12.5Adil Rashid to du Plessis, 1 run, the wrong 'un from Rashid, but it's a fraction too short, chopped away in front of cover-point for a single12.4Adil Rashid to du Plessis, no run, flatter and quicker outside off, du Plessis makes room and cuts it straight to the fielder at cover12.3Adil Rashid to Duminy, 1 run, Rashid tosses one outside leg, nudged away behind square on the on-side for a single12.2Adil Rashid to du Plessis, 1 run, the straighter one from Rashid, du Plessis makes room and cuts it square past cover for a single12.1Adil Rashid to Duminy, 1 run, Rashid tosses one on Duminy's pads, clipped away in front of square on the on-side for a single11.6Moeen Ali to Duminy, 1 run, tossed up and just outside off, Duminy comes down the track, plays with the spin and whips it past mid-wicket, off the mark with a singleJean-Paul Duminy, left handed bat, comes to the creaseMoeen, from round the wicket11.5Moeen Ali to Amla, out Lbw!! Another big wicket for Moeen, the aggressive Amla has to walk back to the hut. This was full and staright from Moeen, Amla was looking to play the sweep, the length wasn't there for the shot, he misses and is struck on the back thigh. The impact was in front of off and the ball was going on to crash into the stumps. Simple call for umpire Ravi, Ali exults in delight, he's done a fair job with the ball. Amla lbw b Moeen Ali 58(31) [4s-7 6s-3]Moeen Ali to Amla, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!11.4Moeen Ali to du Plessis, 1 run, pushed through flatter and on middle, du Plessis works it down towards long-on for a single11.3Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, Moeen drops one short and well outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single11.2Moeen Ali to Amla, 2 runs, too short from Moeen, Amla rocks back and pulls it past square leg, the man in the deep gets across and keeps them down to a couple of runs11.1Moeen Ali to du Plessis, 1 run, slower and just outside off, worked behind square on the off-side for a single10.6Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, flighted and just outside off, Amla shuffles across and pushes it back at the bowler10.5Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, tossed up and spinning away from outside off, Amla has to reach out on the drive, gets a thick edge towards short third man10.4Adil Rashid to du Plessis, 1 run, flatter and on off, wristily worked away towards long-on. 1000 runs for Faf in T20Is10.3Adil Rashid to du Plessis, no run, another leg-break from Rashid, but the length is very short, du Plessis backs away on the cut and mistimes it towards the off-side10.2Adil Rashid to Amla, 1 run, the leg-break from Rashid, Amla was looking to go over cover, doesn't get it off the middle, went off the toe-end, loops in the air and drops in front of long-off10.1Adil Rashid to du Plessis, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, punched down towards long-on for a single9.6Moeen Ali to Amla, SIX, 25-ball fifty for Amla, excellent use of the crease from Amla, the length was short, he made it even shorter by going deep inside the crease, swivels across and pulls it over square leg, hits the ad board on the full9.5Moeen Ali to du Plessis, 1 run, Moeen drifts one on du Plessis' pads, worked away behind square on the on-side9.4Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, this one is given more air, eased down towards long-on for a single9.3Moeen Ali to du Plessis, 1 run, fraction shorter and on du Plessis' pads, nudged away behind square on the on-side for a single9.2Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, tossed up and on the stumps, driven down towards long-on for a run9.1Moeen Ali to du Plessis, 1 run, flatter and just outside off, du Plessis backs away and eases it square on the off-side for a singleFaf du Plessis, right handed bat, comes to the crease8.6Adil Rashid to de Villiers, out Caught by Eoin Morgan!! Huge wicket for Rashid, AB has to walk back to the hut. Hushed silence at the Wankhede. Rush of blood from AB, came charging down the track, doesn't get anywhere near the pitch of the ball, was beaten in the flight as well. He still doesn't concede defeat, was looking to slog it over mid-wicket, lost his shape completely and gets a thick top-edge, high and behind cover-point. Morgan runs back, keeps his eyes on the ball and completes the catch. de Villiers c Eoin Morgan b Adil Rashid 16(8) [6s-2]Adil Rashid to de Villiers, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!8.5Adil Rashid to de Villiers, no run, the wrong 'un from Rashid, AB was looking to make room on the cut, gets an inside edge back towards the bowler8.4Adil Rashid to de Villiers, SIX, poor ball from Rashid, drops one short and on the stumps, AB rocks back and pulls it flat and wide of deep square leg, clears the ropes on the full8.3Adil Rashid to de Villiers, SIX, cracking shot, a little shimmy down the track, AB gets close to the pitch of the ball and lifts it through the line, sends it soaring into the stands at long-on8.2Adil Rashid to de Villiers, no run, loud shout for LBW, but the angle was taking it down the leg-side, might have been a tad high as well, AB was looking to nudge it towards the on-side and missed8.1Adil Rashid to de Villiers, 2 runs, Rashid drops one short and well outside off, AB makes room and cuts it in front of square on the off-side, runs hard and comes back for the second run7.6Moeen Ali to de Villiers, 1 run, Moeen gives this one more air, AB prods across and works it to the right of long-on. Stokes is quick on the ball and keeps the batsmen down to a single7.5Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, flighted and on off, nudged away towards long-on for a run7.4Moeen Ali to Amla, no run, flatter and quicker from Moeen, Amla was looking to play the cheeky late cut and missed7.3Moeen Ali to de Villiers, 1 run, pushed through outside off, AB shuffles across and works it towards long-on for a single7.2Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, flighted delivery and on off, whipped away in front of square on the on-side for a singleAB de Villiers, right handed bat, comes to the creaseExit de Kock, enter AB7.1Moeen Ali to de Kock, out Caught by Hales!! Respite for England, they needed this one. This was flighted on off, de Kock came down the track, doesn't get anywhere near the pitch of the ball, was looking to go over the infield, ends up dragging it down to the throat of Hales at deep mid-wicket. Not much celebrations in the English camp, more of palpable relief. de Kock c Hales b Moeen Ali 52(24) [4s-7 6s-3]Moeen Ali to de Kock, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Moeen Ali [1.0-0-13-0] is back into the attack6.6Adil Rashid to Amla, SIX, low full toss from Rashid, that ruins the over for him, Amla gets down low and tonks it high and wide of long-on, went sailing into the crowd, turning out to be another run-fest at the Wankhede6.5Adil Rashid to de Kock, 1 run, Rashid tosses one on off, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single6.4Adil Rashid to Amla, 1 run, flighted delivery and well outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single6.3Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, the googly from Rashid, Amla didn't pick it up, was lunging forward on the drive, gets beaten on the inside edge, didn't miss the stumps by much6.2Adil Rashid to de Kock, 1 run, flighted delivery and on the stumps, nudged in front of square on the on-side for a single6.1Adil Rashid to de Kock, FOUR, 21-ball fifty for de Kock, this has been a stunning exhibition of power-hitting, tossed up and just outside off, de Kock leans forward, gets close to the pitch of the ball, plays with the spin and whips it wide of mid-wicket, bisects the two men in the deepAdil Rashid, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack5.6Stokes to de Kock, 1 run, fuller length delivery and on the stumps, whipped away past square leg for a single. 83/0 at the end of the batting PP5.5Stokes to de Kock, FOUR, de Kock is in such mood tonight and Stokes offers him width, the left-hander stands tall and lofts it over extra cover, one bounce and over the fence5.4Stokes to Amla, 1 run, very full and outside off, squeezed down towards third man for a single, that went at the rate of knots5.3Stokes to Amla, FOUR, cracking shot, Amla was shuffling across as he looked to open up the on-side. Stokes tried to follow him, ends up offering a wide half-volley outside off, drilled through extra cover for a boundary5.2Stokes to Amla, no run, much better from Stokes, short of a good length and angling back into Amla, he was looking to go over cover and is beaten on the inside edge5.1Stokes to de Kock, 1 run, aborted appeal for LBW, but there was a big inside edge on that, else, de Kock was as plumb as it gets. On a good length and on the stumps, de Kock shuffled across on the swipe, the inside edge saved him as the ball rolled away towards the on-sideBen Stokes, right-arm medium, comes into the attack4.6Jordan to Amla, no run, yorker length delivery and just outside off, much better from Jordan, Amla was looking to jam it with an open face, the fielder at short third man holds on, but it wasn't a catchAppeal for a catch. Is it a bump ball? The umpire certainly thinks so, the soft signal is NOT-OUT, the crowd erupts as replays clearly suggest it's a bump ball, NOT OUT is the call4.5Jordan to Amla, FOUR, cracking shot, Amla is a classy player, but you will not help your cause one bit by bowling utter tripe, full and wide outside off, Amla gets forward, plays with an open face and clears backward point for another boundaryMorgan's face has turned from cool and calm to one of anger4.4Jordan to Amla, SIX, and it continues to get worse for Morgan, another slower ball from Jordan, another rank half-tracker outside leg, Amla swivels across and pulls it high and over long leg for a maximum4.3Jordan to Amla, FOUR, cheeky and four, finesse from Amla, this was the slower ball from Jordan, but there's width as well, Amla watched it all along, opens the face of the bat and runs it past short third man, hat-trick of boundaries for Amla4.2Jordan to Amla, FOUR, Jordan overcompensates and bowls a leg-stump half-volley, Amla shuffles across and flicks it behind square on the on-side, one bounce and over the ropes4.1Jordan to Amla, FOUR, creamed, on a good length and well outside off, Amla can free his arms once again, goes up and over cover, one bounce and over the ropes for another boundaryChris Jordan, right-arm medium, comes into the attack3.6Moeen Ali to de Kock, no run, Moeen gives this one more air, de Kock comes down the track and flicks it straight to mid-wicket3.5Moeen Ali to de Kock, FOUR, lovely from de Kock, pushed through flatter and just outside off, de Kock waits on it, makes room, opens the face of the bat and runs it very fine, beats short third man and rolls away to the fence3.4Moeen Ali to Amla, 1 run, things turn for the worse for England now, that's a dolly and Topley has shelled it, this was flighted just outside off, Amla was looking to go inside out over cover, hits it straighter and to the left of mid-off, Topley moved across, got both hands and shells it3.3Moeen Ali to Amla, FOUR, Moeen's luck runs out, another short delivery outside off, Amla backs away and cracks it square past cover, no need to run for those3.2Moeen Ali to Amla, no run, Moeen drops one short and well outside off, gets lucky as Amla went with hard hands on the cut, mistimes it towards cover-point3.1Moeen Ali to Amla, FOUR, Amla wants to have some fun as well, tossed up well outside off, that's a free-hit with the field in, Amla gets a good stride forward and lifts it over cover, one bounce and over the fenceMoeen Ali, right-arm off break, comes into the attackHuge problems for Morgan, his bowlers have been shocking and we haven't yet seen Amla, du Plessis and AB as yet. He responds by bringing in his off-spinner2.6Willey to de Kock, SIX, clobbered, this has been a frenetic start from de Kock, overpitched and well outside off, de Kock gets a good stride forward, plays with an open face and clouts it high and over the cover fence, hit the roof of the first tier on the full and bounces back onto the ground2.5Willey to de Kock, FOUR, cracking shot, width on offer from Willey, might have been the slower ball as well, de Kock watches it all along and slaps it behind square on the off-side, bisected the two men at backward point and short third manLong-on in place now2.4Willey to de Kock, FOUR, this is a great start from de Kock, on a good length and just outside off, he gets well forward and clubs it back over the bowler's head, couple of bounces and over the ropes2.3Willey to de Kock, SIX, cracking shot, excellent use of the feet from de Kock, makes room as he did so, gets close to the pitch of the ball and lifts it back over the bowler's head, went sailing all the way2.2Willey to de Kock, no run, change of strategy from de Kock, he's been given the license to go, shuffles across a long way to a good length delivery outside off, was looking to go over square leg and missed, gets struck on the pads2.1Willey to de Kock, no run, over ambitious from de Kock, comes dancing down the track to a short of good length delivery and was looking to wallop it over cover, beaten on the outside edge1.6Topley to Amla, no run, loud shout for LBW, but might have pitched outside leg, Amla was shuffling across on the whip and missed, struck adjacent in front of middle and leg, would have crashed into the stumps, but there's no way the umpire would give those. Umpire Ravi shakes his head immediately1.5Topley to de Kock, 1 run, much better from Topley, short of a good length and just outside off, chopped in front of point for a quick singleMorgan has a word with his bowler, no changes in the field1.4Topley to de Kock, FOUR, this is a poor start from Topley, another long half-volley outside off, de Kock gets a big stride forward and drills it past cover for a boundary1.3Topley to de Kock, FOUR, this is an excellent start from de Kock, on a good length and well outside off, a little shimmy down the track, makes room as he did so and goes over cover, the timing wasn't great, but has enough to roll away to the ropes1.2Topley to de Kock, no run, ambitious from de Kock, slightly short of a good length and well outside off, looking to tease the batsman into the drive, he went with hard hands and is beaten on the outside edge1.1Topley to de Kock, SIX, lovely shot, gentle start from Topley, full and swinging away from well outside off, ends up as a half-volley, de Kock reaches out, plays with the movement and lifts it over extra cover, went sailing over the ropes for a maximumReece Topley, left-arm fast medium, comes into the attack0.6Willey to de Kock, 1 run, fuller length delivery and a hint of nip away from outside off, lured de Kock into the drive, he was walking on the shot, there's no balance as he gets a thick edge, down towards third man for a single0.5Willey to de Kock, no run, width on offer from Willey, de Kock cuts it cripsly but straight to the fielder at backward point0.4Willey to de Kock, no run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, de Kock went hard on the drive, ends up toe-ending it towards cover-point0.3Willey to de Kock, no run, on a good length and a hint of shape away from outside off, slapped straight to the fielder at backward point0.2Willey to Amla, 1 run, tad too full and on Amla's pads, whipped away to the right of mid-on for a single0.1Willey to Amla, no run, short of a length and well outside off, punched off the back foot, but straight to the fielder at pointAmla and de Kock are at the crease. Amla is on strike. Willey will open the attackDavid Willey with the new ball.. A slip in place.The anthems are done with, England group together in a huddle. The openers are out in the middle. We should have a cracking night in Mumbai..We are just in the early stages of the tournament, but England need to start winning. Having lost to West Indies two nights ago, they can't afford another reversal - which will all but put them on the brink of elimination. They have started well by winning the toss - but with Amla, de Kock, du Plessis, Miller and the darling of Indian masses, AB de Villiers, around - England can't start slowly.Teams:South Africa (Playing XI): Hashim Amla, Quinton de Kock(w), Faf du Plessis(c), AB de Villiers, Jean-Paul Duminy, David Miller, Chris Morris, Kyle Abbott, Dale Steyn, Kagiso Rabada, Imran TahirEngland (Playing XI): Alex Hales, Jason Roy, Joe Root, Eoin Morgan(c), Jos Buttler(w), Ben Stokes, Moeen Ali, Chris Jordan, Adil Rashid, David Willey, Reece TopleyFaf du Plessis: "I wasn't sure. Looks like the ball swings a bit more at night and second innings there will be a bit of dew as well. So, I was 50-50 at the toss. These conditions are not foreign to us anymore, we can rely on those. It is settled (opening combination) and we'll see go how it goes for the rest of the tournament. Quinton (de Kock) and Hash (Amla) to open the batting. Wiese, Phangiso, Behardien and Rossouw sit out. We are going with an extra pacer."Morgan: "We are going to have a bowl first. It's been quite evident in the two games we have played here, the dew kicks in and batting becomes easier. Hopefully it does so tonight. We did a lot of things right, with a world class player (Gayle) like that, it is difficult to stop. It swung around in the previous game and our two left-arm seamers will be the key. We have gone with the same team."England have won the toss and have opted to fieldPitch report: "Really nice conditions. This pitch also has a bit of grass like the one in the West Indies-England game. The new ball will do a bit for 3-4 overs. There will be dew and gripping the ball will be an issue. It is good batting conditions and hope the dew doesn't play a big part," thorough analysis from Ian Bishop and Shaun Pollock.The England players are going through the fielding drills under the watchful eyes of Paul Farbrace. Steyn was seen warming up, he has been in and out of the side because of injuries. Will he feature today? Should get to know in a while.New Zealand once again defended a low-score and registered their second successive win in the first game today. However, we can expect a run-fest at Wankhede, going by the previous game played at the venue. The toss is less than 30 minutes away. Don't go anywhere, we'll keep bringing you updates from the ground as and when we get them. Stay tuned!Our stats editor Deepu Narayanan has dug out some interesting numbers regarding this encounter. So, here we go...- South Africa lead England 7-3 in T20Is including 3-1 in World Twenty 20s.- South Africa beat England 2-0 the last time these two met in South Africa last month.- After winning the trophy in 2010, England have won just three matches out of ten in the subsequent World T20s.- England has failed to defend 171 and 182 in their last two games - the most they failed to defend in their entire T20I history.- Faf du Plessis needs five more runs to reach 1000 runs and if he gets there tomorrow, he would be the joint second fastest with Kevin Pietersen and Alex Hales (32 innings each).- Imran Tahir has a strike rate of 14.9 against test playing nations in T20Is - the best for a player with minimum 30 wickets and featuring in 2016 World T20.Where did England go wrong? The start from Roy and Hales was a good one, the latter went on to add a good platform with Root, but the final flourish which everyone was waiting for, even West Indian skipper Sammy (who said he was expecting England to score 220) never came. A target of 183 with dew around was a walk in the park for the men from the Caribbean. Today also they are playing at the same venue and Morgan would do well to win the toss and bowl.Rewind: Two days ago, a certain Chris Gayle tore into the English bowling attack. The West Indian opener smashed a whirlwind 48-ball 100, which saw England start their campaign with a loss. Have Morgan and his men recovered from that assault? With so much T20s played, they must have.Another area of concern for the Proteas will be in the spin department. Imran Tahir their main man has only Aaron Phangiso for company, but he just got his bowling action cleared recently and the confidence level might not be right up there. Apart from that, they have a good bunch of all-rounders who are very capable of doing the job with the ball. The likes of Duminy, Behardien and Wiese have a big role to play in this competition.South Africa, a side which promises all the time and fails at a crucial juncture. Let's not talk about the 'C' word, just as yet. Once again they enter an ICC event with the favourites tag. The Faf du Plessis-led side have the right balance to go the distance. Whether they can, remains to be seen. There is quite a headache for the team management at the top of the batting order, with AB de Villiers promoted up the order, and Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla already in the mix, only two of three can claim the opening slots.18:15 Local Time, 12:45 GMT, 18:15 IST: The second big game of the day and it is England taking on South Africa. These two teams were at each other's throats very recently. Playing a whole series of Tests, ODIs and T20Is. England came up trumps in Tests and fought well despite losing the ODIs 3-2. However, they were blown away in the two-match T20I series. Here is a chance to set things right and bring their campaign back on track.Preview:

England's ICC World Twenty20 campaign began on a terrible note, with their bowlers pummelled into submission by Chris Gayle at the Wankhede Stadium on Wednesday. Eoin Morgan, their captain, looked in a daze as he tried to front up to the media after the shellacking, which has extended to four England's losing streak to West Indies in the tournament and left them needing to win their remaining matches.

England have but a day to recuperate before facing South Africa on Friday at the same venue, a team to which the lost 0-2 in a T20I series in February. It cannot be an easy place to be.

South Africa, led by Faf du Plessis, are a very strong side but as with most South African sides of the past, questions hang over their ability to last the distance at ICC tournaments. After the England series, they were beaten 2-1 by Australia and the two losses in that series threw up concerns over their ability to win the most crucial moments. Starting their campaign against a wounded England could be advantageous.

When: England vs South Africa, 18 March, Group 2 - 1930 IST

Where: Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai

Date: March 18, 2016

What to expect: Warm, with temperatures between 25 to 32 degrees Celsius.Expect another high-scoring match, should the batsmen on both sides tee off to potential. There could be a bit more juice in the surface, but for that to come into effect the fast bowlers will need to be far better than England's and West Indies' were on Wednesday.

Team news:

England:Both teams cancelled their scheduled training sessions on Thursday, so team combinations can be gauged by their most recent playing XIs. England chose to go in with four pace bowlers against West Indies and that worked just fine for Gayle on Wednesday evening. The strip for this match is the adjacent one, which has a greener tinge. Ben Stokes should keep his place considering he's an allrounder, but one of David Willey and Reece Topley, the two left-arm quicks, could be dropped. Liam Plunkett stands a chance to return to the XI.

South Africa:South Africa's XI should pick itself. JP Duminy's sudden spike means he's a certainty to hold down a spot, but whether South Africa opt for two similar seamers who can bat in Chris Morris and David Wiese, or opt for a shot of pace in Kyle Abbott, is trickier. Wiese hasn't taken a wicket in the warm-ups and has been expensive, so he looks unlikely to make the cut. Farhaan Behardien didn't do anything in the same games, so he too should sit out.

What they said:

"We look at all games as a must win game, certainly the next one. Against South Africa we will counter them with the bat and try and execute our plans." - Eoin Morgan

"I've always said I can bowl on anything. I prefer the wickets that are slow and turning because the ball stops. It makes it tough for batters to hit you out of the ground." - Dale Steyn

Did you know?

- England have only beaten South Africa thrice in 11 T20Is.

- In the T20I series between these two teams this year, Hashim Amla's strike-rate was 154.23.

- In three T20Is, England's Liam Plunkett has a bowling strike-rate of 10.2