With all that twitter round-up of this freakish innings, it's time to wrap things up. My head is in a spin and I am struggling to construct a sentence of words together. Anyway, England must have been dented big time. Their confidence would have been beheaded and will be interesting to see how they recover. That's that from this game. On behalf of my co-commentator Akshay Maanay and scorer Mani, this is Sagar Chawla signing off and wondering when did cricket allow executioners to jump along. Ciao!Below are a few tweets appreciating Gayle's knock:Brian Lara: Well done Windies! @henrygayle magnificent innings!! Plenty areas to improve guys go back to the drawing board and work out those weak areasAllan Donald: @henrygayle @RCBTweets Man what a knock from the big man tonight. Glad I share the same dressing at RCB with himMpumelelo Mbangwa: What a knock by @henrygayle King in this format. Just keeps churning the runs out.Yuvraj Singh: Gaylestorm !! @henrygayle @ICCAlbie Morkel: Scary to think you can still add Pollard and Narine to this WI team.Harsha Bhogle: Gayle now flicking balls for sixes. England facing heavy artillerySehwag had picked Gayle as one of his top five batsmen to watch out for in this tournament. Anyone doubting his predictions yet?Sammy: "It's always a joy to watch the universe's boss as he calls himself (referring to Gayle). It was just an incredible innings from an incredible player. We were happy to chase 183. England batted well but never really accelerated and stayed at 9-an-over. At one time we thought we would be chasing 220. Marlon is a big match player. He hasn't been batting well of late but I felt today might be his day. He absolutely took control of the Powerplay. Gave us the momentum. We are aware of all that's been said of our team. Just need to focus on what we have in the dressing room and the belief we have amongst ourselves. We just want to enjoy and continue to entertain. We're in it to win it. Going to be difficult but we believe we can do it."Morgan: "It was a competitive score, if we had got 220, it would have been a match winning score. We never really took the game away from them. They bowled well to restrict us. Once Gayle goes like that, it's hard to stop him. Their bowlers mixed it up well and didn't allow us to get going on what was a good batting surface."Gayle: "Honestly, it's good skills (smiles, when asked how he manages to hit the ball so hard). The preparation has been really, really good. It was a good wicket to bat on and we were chasing a decent total. The dew played its part as well. I didn't lose my composure even though I didn't get much strike at the start. I am happy that I finished the game and didn't leave it to anyone. I was focused and pumped as well. Just before I went to bat, Sulieman Benn said "Chris you got to entertain me." So Sulieman gave me that spark. He's my drinking partner as well (smiles). England batted well to get a good start. We have played here before in the IPL. It's a good wicket to bat second as well. We didn't panic. I am looking forward to playing in Bangalore, my hometown, as well. The celebration (after the hundred) was all about DJ Bravo, champion. He launched his song Champion. That's going to be the World Cup anthem for us. We've got to dance together as well (smiles)." Did you miss that? Too bad. The sheer brutality of the carnage was a sight to behold. England were ragged to death. At the halfway mark, they would have settled for a decent-looking 182. Little did they know what was to follow. Gayle took his time early, rather he was denied the strike by a rampaging Marlon Samuels. But then when he perished, Gayle began opening his shoulders. Once he did, England didn't have too many answers. Of course the dew compounded miseries as the leather became nothing more than a bar of soap. In the process, there were many records shattered. He trumped McCullum to become the leading six-hitter in T20Is. The fastest WT20 ton was registered (off 47 balls), and Gayle simply had everyone dancing to his tune. The bowling, well, let's just leave it. Doesn't matter. On a scale of 1 to Finn bowling to McCullum, Gayle's knock borders on the latter end. And that is quite an achievement.18.1Topley to A Russell, 1 run, not like this. No way. Oh such a shame. After that amazing display of six-hitting from Gayle, Russell finishes it with a botched pull stroke, chopped it off the bottom edge behind square. Anyway, West Indies win. And England are finding themselves a graveReece Topley [2.0-0-21-1] is back into the attackPhew! This has been a lot to take. Finish it now. Just one needed17.6Stokes to Gayle, no run, speared into the blockhole, squeezed to mid-wicket17.5Stokes to A Russell, 1 run, full length on middle, drilled down to long-on17.5Stokes to A Russell, wide, that's a shocking ball. On any other day, it would have drawn a lot of brouhaha. Not today. Not after all we've seen. Way way down leg17.4Stokes to A Russell, 2 runs, short ball angled in towards Russell to follow him, gets slightly cramped and flaps the pull through mid-wicket, wide of the deep fielder17.3Stokes to A Russell, no run, another brilliantly disguised slower ball, the shortish length makes Russell want to swing to leg, sticks in the pitch and he is through with the shot too early. Dribbles away to the keeper17.2Stokes to A Russell, no run, and with all the windfall Gayle is enjoying, Russell has forgot about the free-hit. Tries to nudge a slower back of a length through leg but is hit on the flap of the pad17.2Stokes to A Russell, no ball, FOUR, high full toss outside off, and it's been slashed with all the sympathy of an executioner. Flays it over point. Free-hit coming up17.1Stokes to Gayle, 1 run, there it is. Takes off the helmet, goes down on the knees and holds his arms aloft. Hundred off just 47 balls. It's the fastest in WT20s. There is a pre-planned celebration from all players in the dugout and Gayle follows suit punching both hands forward and reeling them back. More like a yoga exercise. Full ball on middle, he opens the bat-face and slices it in front of short third manBen Stokes [2.0-0-32-0] is back into the attackThe match is a formality. There's more interest in Gayle's ton now. Lots of roaring in anticipation16.6Jordan to A Russell, no run, taps a length ball back past the stumps at the other end and refuses the single to leave Gayle on strike next over16.5Jordan to A Russell, no run, goes groping after a short of length delivery well wide of off, played well away from the body, didn't cover the angle and the ball skirts past the edge16.4Jordan to Gayle, 1 run, oooh, this is a pacy high full toss on leg, Gayle is taken aback and can only work it through mid-wicket16.3Jordan to Gayle, no run, a deafening hush descends as Gayle misses out on a low full toss. The ton is playing on his mind as he just tried to push it into the off-side. Any time else and that axe of a bat would have come down hard16.2Jordan to A Russell, 1 run, slices a low full toss to sweeper cover to hand it back to Gayle. Crowd goes up16.1Jordan to Gayle, 1 run, full toss around off, blasted to deep point15.6Willey to Gayle, 1 run, slower length ball on the pads, clipped through mid-wicket to keep strike15.5Willey to Gayle, SIX, the serial killing continues. If this wasn't cricket, the England government would have taken offence and declared war. Short of length delivery which climbs up as much as tummy height, Gayle transfers his weight on the back foot and mauls the pull over deep mid-wicket. A hit away from a ton15.4Willey to Gayle, no run, hurtles in a bouncer to force Gayle into evasive action. Ducks underneath in time15.3Willey to Gayle, SIX, swats the full toss off the inside half of the bat, and it still goes all the way. Second baby six of the night over a leaping deep mid-wicket. England are crying15.2Willey to Gayle, FOUR, what do you do? Willey goes full outside off, misses the yorker by a bit and is blazed through extra-cover. Reached the fence before you could blink15.1Willey to A Russell, 1 run, Stokes does well at long-on, finds a full toss smoked to the left of him, skirts across the boundary and then flicks it back in after realizing his momentum would take him over. Meanwhile, Gayle and Russell walk a single opting to admire Stokes's effortDavid Willey [2.0-0-15-1] is back into the attack14.6Jordan to Gayle, no run, fullish outside off, driven gently to cover. Gently14.6Jordan to Gayle, wide, tries another slower ball but it's well down leg. England are clearly traumatized by this onslaught. Good on them to not break into tears14.5Jordan to A Russell, 1 run, too full to get any elevation. Drilled down to long-on14.5Jordan to A Russell, wide, slower fuller ball outside off, too wide though and the umpire stretches his arms this time14.4Jordan to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle has nearly bombarded Russell with a grenade. Half-volley wide of off, he blasts it straight down and sends Russell into playing twister as he gets his body in an ugly tangle to evade. Does so and a good diving stop from mid-off saves three runsHa, look at the equation now. 36 off 33. A stroll14.3Jordan to A Russell, 1 run, swats a full ball off the inside half, spoons it in the air but lands just in front of a plunging Ali at mid-wicket. He fails to get his body behind and allows the ball through14.2Jordan to A Russell, no run, excellent yorker just outside off, scoots under Russell's bat which is late to come down on the slice14.1Jordan to A Russell, no run, slower short ball well wide of off, Russell fails to reach out for the cut. Perhaps Gayle could take a cue from the umpire, he's not given a wide when the ball was clearly beyond the tramlines. MercyChris Jordan [2.0-0-16-0] is back into the attack13.6Moeen Ali to Gayle, SIX, three in a row! Come on Gayle, have some mercy. They have families for god's sake. Converts it into a full toss after dancing down and launches a missile over long-on13.5Moeen Ali to Gayle, SIX, even bigger, even mightier. Oh England. Just throw in the towel. Excellent use of the feet from the big man, and he has made a meaty swipe over long-on13.4Moeen Ali to Gayle, SIX, springs out of the crease, wields the sword and swings it over long-on. England have been stabbed and this is a bloodbath13.3Moeen Ali to Gayle, no run, makes room and jams the punch to cover as the ball cramps him13.2Moeen Ali to Gayle, leg byes, FOUR, that's the problem with all the extra-pace. If you stray in direction ever so slightly, the batsman can cash in. Although Gayle fails to connect, runs away fine off the pad13.1Moeen Ali to Gayle, no run, flatter on the stumps from round the wicket, patted back to the bowler12.6Topley to A Russell, FOUR, back of the hand slower ball very wide of off, Russell is down on one knee and stretching out to reach. Once he does, his hands take over and hoist it over extra-cover12.6Topley to A Russell, wide, loses control of the angle and slips it down leg12.5Topley to A Russell, no run, slower short of length delivery around off from round the wicket, patted to backward point12.4Topley to Gayle, 1 run, toe-ends the drive over Topley and it's through him before his hands go up in reflex. Very full on the stumps and Gayle is early into the shot. Chips it back and gets away12.4Topley to Gayle, wide, backs away and makes Topley do something different. He hurtles in a short ball which loops over Gayle's head. WidedGayle pulls out late, late enough for Willey to go through with the delivery. The bowler walks back, Gayle gets into stance. No fuss12.3Topley to Gayle, FOUR, that's a poor ball. You can be enamoured by Gayle all you like, but that's a rank bad ball. Short of length ball going down leg, Gayle runs it away fine with a glance for an easy fourAndre Russell, right handed bat, comes to the creaseEngland are doing a good job of pegging away at the wickets. Only if they can get rid of Gayle, that should even the scales if not tilt it in their favour12.2Topley to Dwayne Bravo, out Caught by Hales!! That's like a Malinga full toss and it's done for Bravo. Slower ball which initially shapes to be a beamer, then dips profusely to fool Bravo. He is through with the slog too early and skies it off the toe-end towards deep mid-wicket who only has to move a few paces forward to pouch. Dwayne Bravo c Hales b Topley 2(4)Topley to Dwayne Bravo, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!12.1Topley to Dwayne Bravo, no run, fires in a near yorker outside off from round the wicket, Bravo squeezes it towards pointReece Topley [1.0-0-10-0] is back into the attackGayle is making a mockery of this target. 70 off 8 overs needed now. If he stays there for any length of time, England are buried11.6Moeen Ali to Gayle, SIX, and there he goes! Down the track in a flash. Well, flash is relative with Gayle. He can only do so much. But he meets the pitch of the ball and blazes it straight back over Ali's head11.5Moeen Ali to Dwayne Bravo, 1 run, clipped with the turn behind square11.4Moeen Ali to Gayle, 1 run, nudges a single to long-on and raises a half-century to send the crowd into raptures. The way he languidly celebrated, he's not done yet. Ominous for England11.3Moeen Ali to Dwayne Bravo, 1 run, gets half-forward to a shortish dart which turns in from outside off, then punches it wide of mid-wicket with the turn. There's a fumble and the ball is parried to long-on11.2Moeen Ali to Gayle, 1 run, arm-ball skidding on towards middle and off, runs away off a thick inside edge as Gayle plays for turn. Single behind squareDwayne Bravo, right handed bat, comes to the crease11.1Moeen Ali to Ramdin, out Caught by Adil Rashid!! Ramdin goes but it's really the man at the other end England need. Extra bounce off the Wankheded deck consumes the wicket-keeper batsman as he goes down on one knee to sweep. Fails to get over the bounce and can only spoon it off a thick top edge to short fine leg. Ramdin c Adil Rashid b Moeen Ali 12(14) [4s-1]Moeen Ali to Ramdin, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!10.6Stokes to Gayle, SIX, and takes just one ball to break free of the tie. Gayle is now the leading six-hitter in T20Is on his own. Short of length once more, doesn't time the pull like fire, it's a baby six over a leaping deep mid-wicket fielder10.5Stokes to Gayle, SIX, that's a dagger through Stokes's heart and out the back. Bowls it short but doesn't get enough height on it, sits up to be pulled away and Gayle has blasted it over square leg. That's into the second tier. Ties with McCullum for most T20I sixes10.4Stokes to Gayle, no run, length ball on middle and off, driven to extra-cover10.4Stokes to Gayle, wide, "A man can be brave only when he is afraid," goes Ned Stark from Game of Thrones. Stokes is not that man. Slower ball which is very wide outside off, wided10.3Stokes to Gayle, no run, aggression from Stokes. Bangs it in short and slants it away from off to slightly catch Gayle by surprise as the big man sways out of the way10.2Stokes to Ramdin, 1 run, clipped neatly off the hips behind square10.1Stokes to Ramdin, FOUR, on the hips and that's right up his alley. Ramdin simply helps it on its way with a tickle to the fine leg fenceBen Stokes [1.0-0-14-0] is back into the attackThe intensity of this dew has forced the umpires to do something. Bet England must have griped and griped. Super-soppers have been employed resulting in a delay. Here go the mandatory "Sachin, Sachin" chants. Yeah right.9.6Moeen Ali to Ramdin, 1 run, tucked away through mid-wicket9.5Moeen Ali to Ramdin, no run, Ali gets one to skid on and slide past the outside edge of Ramdin as he sees a drive through the covers. Almost overbalanced and dragged his back foot out9.4Moeen Ali to Ramdin, no run, nudged with the turn to mid-wicket9.3Moeen Ali to Ramdin, no run, allows the ball to turn in while on the back foot and softly punches it to extra-cover9.2Moeen Ali to Gayle, 1 run, darted in on middle from round the wicket, clipped with the angle through mid-wicket9.1Moeen Ali to Gayle, no run, quicker and flatter, blocked8.6Adil Rashid to Gayle, 1 run, driven down to long-off8.5Adil Rashid to Gayle, SIX, wow. Need I say anything more. Yes, say my colleagues. Boooo. Tossed up on middle, Gayle launches it with a mighty big swing of the willow over long-on again8.4Adil Rashid to Gayle, SIX, that ball will be found in some local train in the nearby Churchgate station. Gayle has laid waste to it. Sees the flight, winds up big time and kills it over long-on. Oh sorry, fielding positions don't matter when the ball is out of the stadium8.3Adil Rashid to Ramdin, 1 run, drops it short outside off and is thumped to deep cover8.2Adil Rashid to Ramdin, 2 runs, doesn't come out right from the wrist and falls away down the leg-side, Ramdin goes deep in the crease and glances it fine of short fine leg. Holds up in this soggy outfield8.1Adil Rashid to Ramdin, no run, shortish around off, slides on to cramp Rashid for room as he eyes a cut, chops it back down the pitch7.6Moeen Ali to Ramdin, 1 run, looks for a sweep initially but the length is shortish, and so adjusts to tuck it through mid-wicket7.5Moeen Ali to Ramdin, no run, slower through the air around off, pushed back down the pitch after a lunge forward7.4Moeen Ali to Gayle, 1 run, sliding on with the arm into middle and leg, worked with the angle to long-on7.3Moeen Ali to Ramdin, 1 run, nudged off the pads through mid-wicket7.2Moeen Ali to Gayle, 1 run, quicker arm-ball intended to go through bat and pad, and it nearly fulfils its destiny. Gayle somehow brings the bat down at an angle and chops it off a thick inside edge behind square7.1Moeen Ali to Gayle, FOUR, drags it down on the stumps from round the wicket, Gayle jumps back and mistimes the pull in the air. But it splits deep mid-wicket and deep square to perfectionMoeen Ali, right-arm off break, comes into the attack6.6Adil Rashid to Gayle, 1 run, driven hard down to long-on6.5Adil Rashid to Ramdin, 1 run, the judicious flight makes Ramdin think the ball will grip, but it skids on in line with off, takes a thick inside edge off his attempted cover drive and labours through square legDenesh Ramdin, right handed bat, comes to the crease6.4Adil Rashid to Samuels, out Caught by Willey!! England have an opening. Morgan went to Rashid and the leggie doesn't disappoint. I think he did him with a googly. Or maybe it was just the flipper which skidded on. Slips it in shorter and quicker seeing Samuels come down, Samuels goes through with the attempted loft and drags it off the inside half to long-on. Samuels c Willey b Adil Rashid 37(27) [4s-8]Adil Rashid to Samuels, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!6.3Adil Rashid to Gayle, 1 run, fired in on the pads, nudged down to long-on6.2Adil Rashid to Gayle, no run, darted off the front of the hand, slides on from a length outside off and Gayle has left one alone. Stop the press. Stop the match, England would say6.1Adil Rashid to Samuels, 1 run, looped up around off, Samuels moves his front leg out of the way and squeezes a drive to deep cover. Very full actually. Couldn't really get underneathAdil Rashid, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack5.6Jordan to Gayle, FOUR, Jordan dishes a full length, sees Gayle clear his front leg and then sees himself being carved over mid-off. The good thing about this ball was .. well .. it signalled the end of the Powerplays5.5Jordan to Gayle, no run, two in two. Another quick fiery yorker but Gayle is alert to not let it through him5.4Jordan to Gayle, no run, bolts in a yorker on middle and leg, and Gayle rushes to move his legs out and get his bat down5.3Jordan to Gayle, no run, gets away with a full toss as Gayle drives it straight to cover5.3Jordan to Gayle, wide, got it into the blockhole but once again it's down leg5.3Jordan to Gayle, wide, Jordan is frightened, slips a full toss down leg and Gayle can't reach it5.2Jordan to Samuels, 1 run, you'll see a lot of these now, slower delivery on a length on middle, softly pushed in front of mid-off after moving to leg5.1Jordan to Samuels, FOUR, tries to follow Samuels with a short of length delivery as he backs away, but he flat-bats the pull and thumps it straight of a diving mid-on. Problems for England. Massive problems. Gayle hasn't even done any damage yet4.6Stokes to Samuels, 1 run, ah, nice. Deceives him with a slower and fuller ball around off as he lined up the inside out over extra. Through the stroke too early and lobs it off the toe-end in front of long-off4.6Stokes to Samuels, no-ball, caught at backward point, but it's a very high full toss outside off, Samuels slashed it from around chest height I think. No-ball signalled even as Roy flings it in the air in celebration. Free-hit coming up4.5Stokes to Samuels, no run, excellent yorker on off, Samuels barely manages to dig it back4.4Stokes to Samuels, FOUR, half-volley drilled to long-off, Jordan moves to his left, slips slightly with all the dew around and allows the ball to sneak through his hands. Just look at the replay. Soon as his hands hit the turf, water splashed in huge quantities. Nevertheless, feeds more reason to Stokes for tearing his hair down4.3Stokes to Samuels, FOUR, full toss has been whacked past a diving mid-off. All that movement by Samuels is really putting Stokes off. Out come the rags to soak all the due4.2Stokes to Samuels, FOUR, runs away off the outside edge and Stokes is ticking. Length ball around off, Samuels eyes the inside-out loft but his trigger movement took him nearly out of reach. Nearly4.1Stokes to Samuels, no run, slower ball angled in towards Samuels as he makes room, limits him to a meek pushBen Stokes, right-arm medium, comes into the attackAlready looks like England will need a concerted effort here to defend the score. Short boundaries, true pitch, and dew as well3.6Jordan to Samuels, 1 run, follows him as he moves to leg, and is able to restrict him to a gentle clip through mid-wicket3.5Jordan to Samuels, no run, slower back of a length delivery just outside off, Samuels is backing away and then has to hold his attempted drive. Hits it to cover3.4Jordan to Samuels, FOUR, this is the danger though of bowling it short. You err in line and the ball will fly. Samuels actually created his own room by moving to leg, lashed hard and flayed it over backward point3.3Jordan to Samuels, no run, Jordan is too encouraged by the bounce. All three balls have been on a short of length. The line is on off and again Samuels has to drop his gloves quickly to evade3.2Jordan to Samuels, no run, good bounce off this pitch. Climbs from a short of length and Samuels has to stand on his toes to punch it to backward point3.1Jordan to Samuels, no run, pacy short of length delivery around off, lifts nicely off the deck and Samuels is swift to drop his hands and sway out of the wayChris Jordan, right-arm medium, comes into the attack2.6Willey to Samuels, 1 run, opens the bat-face on an off-cutter and steers it wide of short third man2.5Willey to Samuels, FOUR, leans into a delivery leaving him outside off, there's no profound movement with the feet. Just the body weight going across and drives it through the covers2.4Willey to Samuels, FOUR, there's been too much of variation in line from Willey. Now drifts one towards the pads. Although Samuels is late to get the bat across, he somehow ekes out an inside edge and it races away2.3Willey to Samuels, no run, whoa! Think he rolled his fingers across this time. Short of length and leaving Samuels from off, pitches and springs away past his poke2.2Willey to Samuels, no run, that's such a half-hearted shot. Jabs at a length ball and ends up having to reach for it. So much so that the bottom hand comes out and the teansy bit of inswing causes him to chop it off an inside edge to leg2.1Willey to Samuels, no run, shapes to swing in from outside off, Samuels feels obliged to play at it, but then the ball holds its line and beats the outside edge. Jaffa!1.6Topley to Gayle, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, steered to backward point1.5Topley to Gayle, no run, good, well bowled. Slower short of length delivery outside off, the width is there but Gayle is done in by the lack of pace. Flashes hard and chops it towards point1.4Topley to Gayle, SIX, this must have plunged Topley into hyperventilation. Really, just the sight of it. Running in hard, pitching it up, and then being bombed over long-off with a brutal swing. What's his answer?1.3Topley to Gayle, FOUR, smokes this over mid-off. Pitch right up just outside off, and it's so full that there is no scope of late movement. Gayle's bat comes down hard and he mauls it over the infield1.2Topley to Gayle, no run, squared up by the movement as he pokes at a good length delivery well away from the body, adjusts and steers it to backward point1.1Topley to Gayle, no run, tries to invite an extravagant drive with a tempting outswinger outside off, Gayle lets it goReece Topley, left-arm fast medium, comes into the attack0.6Willey to Samuels, no run, length ball shaping in from middle, nudged to mid-on0.5Willey to Samuels, FOUR, drops a half-volley on the pads now, and is put away. Samuels manages a lot of bat this time and flicks it past short fine leg0.4Willey to Samuels, no run, another LBW shout but this has to be missing leg. Off-stump was clearly visible as Samuels tried to flick it away. Couldn't lay bat on ball and sends Willey into another desperate scream0.3Willey to Samuels, no run, oooh, close. Huge appeal from Willey who is in disbelief. Hands on head and almost on his haunches. Cuts back in sharply from a back of a length on middle and off, cramped Samuels for room and hit him high on the flap. HawkEye shows it trimming the bailsMarlon Samuels, right handed bat, comes to the crease0.2Willey to Charles, out Caught by Moeen Ali!! Clears the front leg, swats the length ball and .. gone. Straight to Ali at mid-wicket who takes a good low catch plunging forward. Charles loses his mind on seeing the ball land on a good length, attempts a big heave and drags it off the inside half. Early trouble for West Indies. Charles c Moeen Ali b Willey 0(2)Willey to Charles, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!0.1Willey to Charles, no run, gets the radar right. Short of length and curling in on middle, Charles stands tall and blocks0.1Willey to Charles, wide, and again. Big banana inswing which makes the keeper move to his left down leg0.1Willey to Charles, wide, swing straightaway. A nice sea-breeze blows across the Marine Drive at this time and will aid movement up front. Fails to control it though and meanders down legCharles and Gayle are at the crease. Charles is on strike. Willey will open the attackGayle trots out to the centre, needing 5 more maximums to shatter McCullum's record of most T20I sixes. Won't be him on strike though. It will be Johnson Charles. Willey has the ball. One slip in place.."Slower ball was the stock ball, but we didn't execute it well. Some of them came out too full. It is a very good total and we are backing ourselves to get it. We have a very good batting unit and I am confident of chasing it down. There is some dew around and the ball was difficult to grip. Even they will find the ball wet, if not more wetter. I am ready to smash it," says a confident Andre Russell.With England cruising at one stage, 200 looked certain on the cards, West Indies bowlers did well to pull things back towards the end restricting them to 182. On expected lines, it is another of those flat decks at the Wankhede stadium. West Indies too will fancy their chances with a lot of power-hitters, join us back for the run chase in a short while.

England have been exceptional with the bat after being sent in. Roy and Hales got them off to a solid start before Root stepped in and stroked a wonderful 48. Once Root laid the platform for the middle-order batsmen, Buttler and Morgan with their pyrotechnics made their presence felt. Stokes played a little blinder there.19.6Dwayne Bravo to Moeen Ali, out Moeen Ali Run Out!! 1 run completed. Ali falls for the team's cause. Morgan was always coming back for the second. The throw was at the striker's end and Ali was not even in the frame. Full delivery on the stumps, flicked away to deep mid-wicket, Holder gets to the ball and releases it quickly, Ramdin does the rest. England finish with 182. Moeen Ali run out (Holder/Ramdin) 7(2) [6s-1]Dwayne Bravo to Moeen Ali, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!19.5Dwayne Bravo to Moeen Ali, SIX, palmed over. Bravo is not happy with the effort. Holder is the culprit. Another off-speed delivery from Bravo, Ali hoicks it towards deep mid-wicket, Holder, the tallest man in the West Indies side, leaps and parries it over. Did all the right things apart from pouching itMoeen Ali, left handed bat, comes to the crease19.4Dwayne Bravo to Stokes, out Lbw!! That is smart bowling from Bravo. He has his man and is delighted with that. Stokes was completely outdone by the slower delivery, it dipped on him and hit him on the back pad. He was attempting another heave to the leg-side. Didn't pick the off-cutter this time. Stokes lbw b Dwayne Bravo 15(7) [4s-2 6s-1]Dwayne Bravo to Stokes, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!19.3Dwayne Bravo to Stokes, FOUR, Morgan was in the firing line there. Stokes gives the charge to Bravo, spotted the slower delivery and drilled it past the non-striker, Morgan showed good agility to get out of the way19.2Dwayne Bravo to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, fires in a yorker around off, Morgan couldn't get under that, squeezes it out to extra cover19.1Dwayne Bravo to Eoin Morgan, SIX, nice way to start the final over. Looked like a mishit. But the bats these days, takes it over the ropes. Slower delivery from round the wicket, Morgan swings across the line, just about clears the long-on fence18.6A Russell to Stokes, no run, stifled appeal for LBW. It was like an afterthought. Full toss on the stumps, Stokes might have got an inside edge onto pad. That is the only thing that could have saved him, looked adjacent to the naked eye18.5A Russell to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, well disguised slower ball. Morgan was deceived by that, he is early into the flick, checks his shot and the ball balloons on the leg-side, drops in front of the incoming long-on fielder18.4A Russell to Stokes, 1 run, just short of yorker length, Stokes gets it off the inside half of the bat to deep mid-wicket as he tries to mow it across the line18.3A Russell to Stokes, SIX, he has middled this. Length delivery in the swinging arc, Stokes gets his front leg out of the way for him to get a free swing of the arms, heaves it over cow corner for a maximum18.2A Russell to Stokes, no run, Russell gets away with one. Full toss slanted across the left-hander, Stokes wanted to muscle it out of the ground, could only manage a feather through to Ramdin18.1A Russell to Stokes, FOUR, Charles almost pulled off another stunning save. Slower ball which is short in length, Stokes swivels and pulls to backward square, Charles dives to his left and gets a hand, but Stokes had packed enough power behind thatAndre Russell [3.0-0-24-2] is back into the attack17.6Dwayne Bravo to Eoin Morgan, no run, loopy slower ball yorker, dipped on the batsman, Morgan squeezes it to the right of the bowlerBen Stokes, left handed bat, comes to the crease17.5Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, out Caught by Brathwaite!! That's a gifted wicket. For a moment, I thought it was once again into the crowd. However, Buttler has picked out the fielder. A full toss at knee height, on leg-stump as well, all Buttler could do was heave it to deep backward square. Brathwaite didn't bother to move forward, stood his ground and took it inches from the ground. He should have taken it more easily. Buttler c Brathwaite b Dwayne Bravo 30(20) [6s-3]Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!17.4Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, 2 runs, brilliant bit of work from Charles. Saved a couple of runs. Shortens the length, Buttler fetches the pull and sends it wide of long-on, Charles runs to his right, sticks out his hand and stops it17.3Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, SIX, smoked! Buttler picked the bones out of this slower ball. Bravo landed it on the swinging length, Buttler clears his front leg and mows it over deep mid-wicketRound the wicket again...17.2Dwayne Bravo to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, Morgan was out of the crease tad early, Bravo saw that and took the pace off the ball, knocked towards extra cover, only for a singleBack over the wicket for Morgan. Third man and fine leg up...17.1Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, 1 run, starts with a low full toss on the pads, whipped away behind square, Brathwaite is positioned perfectly in the deep and he keeps it to oneDwayne Bravo [2.0-0-13-0] is back into the attackBravo is coming round the wicket. He will look to angle it across the right-hander...16.6Benn to Eoin Morgan, FOUR, poor delivery to end the over. A giveaway really. Full toss on off, Morgan stoops a bit low to get underneath that, tonks it over his partner, long-on dives in vain. Just the over England needed after Brathwaite's tidy over16.5Benn to Eoin Morgan, 2 runs, pulls the length back, Morgan chips it uppishly over Buttler, long-on had some ground to cover and the two was on. Easily done in the end16.4Benn to Buttler, 1 run, that's sloppy, misses the yorker length by an inch or so, Buttler drives it to the left of Benn, who bends and makes a half stop. Should have done better16.3Benn to Buttler, no run, spears in the yorker, Buttler backs away and inside edges it onto the boot, the ball rolls to the off-sideButtler backs away just when Benn was about to deliver. Might be some disturbance behind the bowler...16.2Benn to Buttler, SIX, Buttler just launched into that. Benn drags it short, Buttler goes deep in the crease and pulls it over deep mid-wicket. Into the second tier once again. What has Benn got now?Round the wicket to Buttler...16.1Benn to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, fraction short and just outside off, Morgan opens the bat face and steers it to short third manSulieman Benn [2.0-0-9-1] is back into the attackBenn has two overs left and he is bowling one now. This should be interesting with the ball turning into Morgan. Over the wicket he comes...15.6Brathwaite to Buttler, no run, that went like a bullet. Badree got his hands, body and everything behind it. Low full toss on the stumps, Buttler brings those fast hands into play, creams it straight to extra cover. That is an excellent over at this stage, just the 5 off it15.5Brathwaite to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, another well-directed yorker, not much Morgan could do with that, jams it out towards extra cover15.4Brathwaite to Buttler, 1 run, Buttler was winding up for a big mow towards cow corner. Brathwaite spears it full and just outside off, Buttler can't get underneath that, digs it down to long-on15.3Brathwaite to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, dug in short and around off, Morgan backs away and guides it to third man15.2Brathwaite to Buttler, 1 run, too much effort for a single. Buttler was shaping to play the conventional scoop. Brathwaite adjusted with his line and pace, bowled slower and just outside off, Buttler too changed his shot, played the reverse scoop to third man15.1Brathwaite to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Morgan slaps it right off the middle to sweeper coverCarlos Brathwaite [1.0-0-11-0] is back into the attackWest Indies have removed the two set batsmen, but the likes of Buttler, Morgan and Stokes will look to tee-off from here. How much will they manage?14.6A Russell to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, very full and on leg-stump, Morgan gets his front leg out of the way and eases it to long-on14.5A Russell to Eoin Morgan, SIX, that's been dispatched. Into the second tier. Banged in halfway down the wicket, Morgan at no point in time looked to keep the pull down, hit it in the air and it went soaring over the long leg fence for a maximum14.4A Russell to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length on off, Buttler shuffles across, gets inside the line and tucks it to deep mid-wicket. Was slightly uppish, but through the vacant mid-wicket region14.3A Russell to Eoin Morgan, 1 run, angled across the left-hander, Morgan uses that to his advantage and runs it down to third man to get off the markEoin Morgan, left handed bat, comes to the crease14.2A Russell to Root, out Caught by Jerome Taylor!! Huge wicket this. And it is once again that man, Andre Russell who provides the breakthrough when his team needs it the most. It was a nothing shot really. Just short of good length and on middle, Root moves away to the leg-side, tries to go over mid-off, gets it almost off the bottom of the bat, spoons a simple catch to Taylor at mid-off. Root c Jerome Taylor b A Russell 48(36) [4s-3 6s-2]A Russell to Root, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!14.1A Russell to Root, no run, Root is through the shot early. Gestures to Buttler that it kicked up. Not sure about that though. Short of a length delivery on off, Root swings across the line and is beaten on the top-edgeAndre Russell [2.0-0-15-1] is back into the attack13.6Badree to Buttler, no run, fuller and just outside off, Buttler drives it towards extra cover, hit it hard and hence no chance of a single13.5Badree to Buttler, 2 runs, flatter, quicker and on the stumps, whipped wide of deep mid-wicket, easy two on offer13.4Badree to Buttler, SIX, Buttler is dangerous at this stage of the innings. This should get him going. Jumps out of the crease, gets to the pitch of the leggie and smashes it way over the long-off fence. Stood there and admired the shot13.3Badree to Root, 1 run, tossed up on off, Root works it to deep mid-wicket13.2Badree to Buttler, 1 run, googly and Buttler didn't pick it, he was looking to force it through the off-side, gets it off the inner part of the bat and the ball goes to mid-wicket13.1Badree to Root, 1 run, direct-hit and Root was gone. The slider on the stumps, Root ekes out an inside edge onto the pad, the ball trickles to the right of the bowler, there was a slight hesitation and that almost cost him. Badree moves across, picks the ball and shies at the bowler's end, missed and Root lives onSamuel Badree [3.0-0-23-0] is back into the attackEngland skipper, Eoin Morgan is seen warming up. He maybe out there anytime soon...12.6Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, no run, slower ball on a length, Buttler presses it to cover after coming forward12.5Dwayne Bravo to Root, 1 run, Root was almost deceived by this slower one. It kept dipping on him, but the England No. 3 did well to stoop low and swipe it through mid-wicket for a single12.4Dwayne Bravo to Buttler, byes, 1 run, clever change of pace, Buttler was attempting the steer to third man, is beaten by the deviation off the pitch. The ball bounces in front of Ramdin and he doesn't glove it cleanly12.3Dwayne Bravo to Root, 1 run, low full toss just outside off, Root drives to sweeper cover12.2Dwayne Bravo to Root, FOUR, for once Russell has been beaten. That is something you don't associate with him. Full toss on middle and leg, Root drives along the ground towards long-on, Russell does the hard work of getting there, but doesn't bend down enough to stop the ball, through his legs for four12.1Dwayne Bravo to Root, no run, as expected Bravo starts with a off-speed delivery, was on the shorter side, Root mistimes the flat-batted hit back to the bowlerDwayne Bravo [1.0-0-7-0] is back into the attackRoot will be the key for England. They are going at 8 per over. However, they will want anything in excess of 170-180 to stop the powerful West Indian batting line-up..11.6Benn to Root, 1 run, teased up outside off, Root strides forward and drives to sweeper cover. End of a successful over11.5Benn to Buttler, 1 run, flighted, fuller on middle, Buttler drives down to long-on11.4Benn to Root, 1 run, Benn gets away with a full toss, on leg-stump that too, Root clips it to deep mid-wicket11.3Benn to Buttler, 1 run, shortens the length on this flatter delivery, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover11.2Benn to Buttler, no run, slows it up and angles it in, Buttler is not fully forward, reaches out with his hands and blocksJos Buttler, right handed bat, comes to the crease11.1Benn to Hales, out Bowled!! Cleaned 'im up. Benn is pumped up. Roars after castling the batsman. "This is Sulieman Benn at his best," shouts an elated Darren Ganga. Hales's dodgy innings come to an end. He never looked in. It was the quicker delivery, right in the blockhole, Hales was making room to go inside out, is outfoxed by the length, is late to bring his bat down, the ball sneaks through and crashes into the base of off-stump. Hales b Benn 28(26) [4s-4]Benn to Hales, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!Sulieman Benn [1.0-0-5-0] is back into the attack10.6Jerome Taylor to Root, no run, off-cutter to finish the over, Root is early into the push and he picks out mid-off10.5Jerome Taylor to Hales, 1 run, yorker targeting the stumps, Hales digs it down the ground, no point of risking a second when Russell is the fielder10.4Jerome Taylor to Root, 1 run, short and outside off, Root cuts it to sweeper cover, came right off the middle10.3Jerome Taylor to Root, 2 runs, brilliant! Simply outstanding. How fast is Russell across the turf? Full and on off, Root whips it wide of long-on, the Jamaican moves quickly to his right, bends down and stops, the momentum was taking him over the rope and hence he flicks it in. Saved two more for the team10.2Jerome Taylor to Root, no run, spears in a yorker on the stumps, Root squeezes it towards mid-wicket10.1Jerome Taylor to Root, SIX, fantastic hit! Nice way to bring the 50-run stand. Length delivery on off, Root played the pick up shot beautifully, timed it to perfection as the ball sailed over the deep mid-wicket fence10.1Jerome Taylor to Root, wide, not the start the skipper would have wanted. Splays it down leg, Root can't reach it with the glance and wide givenJerome Taylor [2.0-0-19-0] is back into the attackThese two have laid the platform already. West Indies need a wicket and Sammy brings back his premier fast bowler, Taylor..9.6Badree to Root, 1 run, uses the pace of Badree to steer it to short third man, looks up at Hales who was already rushing towards the striker's end. A well-judged single that9.5Badree to Hales, 1 run, steps out and Badree pulls the length back, almost went through Hales, who brought his bat down in time and slapped it to sweeper cover9.4Badree to Root, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Root drives to long-on9.3Badree to Root, 2 runs, drifting in with the angle on middle, Root flicks it wide of deep mid-wicket, this time Charles can't prevent the second run9.2Badree to Hales, leg byes, 1 run, slider on leg-stump, Hales kneels and fails to connect with the sweep, goes off the pad to short fine leg9.1Badree to Root, 1 run, slower through the air and on off, Root meets the pitch of the ball and works it to deep mid-wicket. Thought about the second, but decided not to go for it after seeing Charles charge towards the ballSamuel Badree [2.0-0-17-0] is back into the attack8.6Brathwaite to Hales, FOUR, bad delivery to end the over. It was looking like a good over, but that full toss just ruins it. On off-stump, Hales fetches it from there and whips it behind square, beating deep square leg comfortably8.5Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, once more comes down the track and yorks himself this time, digs it to the right of the bowler and down to long-on8.4Brathwaite to Root, FOUR, there was not a boundary scored for a while and Root knew that. Charges down and picks the slower delivery, hacks it over mid-wicket, giving long-on no chance8.3Brathwaite to Hales, 1 run, leg-cutter from Brathwaite. Hales read it off the pitch, stayed back in the crease and nurdled it square on the leg-side8.2Brathwaite to Hales, no run, not all that short to play the pull, Hales still manages to play it and he could only mistime it to mid-wicket, no chance of a single8.1Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery, the wide of the crease release means no room to work with, Root taps it with soft hands to left of cover, scampers across to the other endCarlos Brathwaite, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack7.6Benn to Root, 1 run, keeps it slow and full, Root reaches out and eases it down to long-on7.5Benn to Hales, 1 run, tosses it up invitingly, on the stumps, Hales kneels down and sweeps to deep backward square leg7.4Benn to Hales, no run, bounce for Benn. Quicker and just outside off, Benn garners bit of extra bounce, Hales flashes a cut and is beaten, he was undone by the bounce that Benn extracted7.3Benn to Root, 1 run, another delivery which is too straight, on middle and leg, Root helps it round the corner, for a single7.2Benn to Hales, 1 run, drifting in from the round the wicket angle, Hales uses that to nudge it in front of square on the leg-side7.1Benn to Root, 1 run, flatter and on off, Root works it through mid-wicket, Charles fumbles after rushing in from the deep, the batsmen thought about the second, but decided against itSulieman Benn, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attack6.6A Russell to Root, 1 run, yorker length on middle and leg, Root squeezes it out to deep square leg6.5A Russell to Root, SIX, hammered! Banged in halfway down the wicket, Root was waiting for it on the back foot, stoops a bit low to get under it and smacks the pull over backward square. The pace of Russell took the ball way back into the crowd6.4A Russell to Root, no run, slower ball on off, Root waits for the ball to arrive and knocks it towards cover6.3A Russell to Root, 2 runs, back of a length on off, Root whips it through mid-wicket for a brace6.2A Russell to Root, no run, ugly! He practices after being beaten. Very unlike Root. Good length ball around off, Root doesn't bother to get in-line as he swings across the line, beaten and close to the off-stump6.1A Russell to Root, no run, short of length just outside off, Root times the pants off the punch, but forgets to place it. Straight to Sammy at backward pointThe powerplay is done and England have the upper hand. Though West Indies sent back Roy, England managed to score above 8-an-over...5.6Dwayne Bravo to Hales, no run, an over of slower balls. On a fuller length and outside off, Hales backs away to the leg-side to open up the off-side field, drives and picks out the fielder at cover-point5.5Dwayne Bravo to Root, 1 run, loopy delivery on off, Root drives it towards long-on before the fielder from mid-wicket intercepted, stopped it with a tumbling dive5.5Dwayne Bravo to Root, wide, off-radar this time. The slower one goes well down leg, Root thought about chasing it, but better sense prevailed, lets it go and earns his side an extra5.4Dwayne Bravo to Hales, 1 run, once again the off-cutter on off, Hales pushes it to long-on5.3Dwayne Bravo to Hales, no run, no pace whatsoever from Bravo. 62kph shows the speedgun. Hales moves across and tickles it fine, so fine that Ramdin moved across and stopped it. Missed out there5.2Dwayne Bravo to Root, 1 run, very full and almost yorker length, Root stands in the crease, leans forward and works it towards mid-wicket5.1Dwayne Bravo to Hales, 3 runs, wow! What an effort from Russell. Bravo starts with an off-speed delivery, on middle, Hales flicks it behind square leg, Russell had 25 yards to cover according to Russell Arnold and he gets there with a dive, hauls it in and saves a run for the teamDwayne Bravo, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack4.6A Russell to Root, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Root stands tall and crunches the punch, picks out Charles at backward point, either side and that would have been four more4.6A Russell to Root, wide, another one down leg. This was most probably the yorker gone wrong. Wide called and Russell wipes his hands with the umpire's towel. Sweaty hands I guess!4.5A Russell to Root, FOUR, Russell is livid with himself. It is a poor follow-up delivery, strays this down leg, Root glances it fine and gets himself off the mark with a boundary4.4A Russell to Root, no run, Root greeted with a sharp bumper, it was quick and Root had to take the safer option. Sinks underneath the ball and allows it to thud into Ramdin's glovesJoe Root, right handed bat, comes to the crease4.3A Russell to Jason Roy, out Caught by Badree!! There's the first wicket. West Indies needed that as the partnership had started to look threatening. Roy is not happy with himself. Bangs his bat on the ground as he walks back to the dugout. Short of a length delivery on off, Roy for some reason does not go full throttle on the pull, plays a half-hearted shot towards mid-wicket, Badree moves forward and pouches a good low catch. Roy rolled his wrists to keep it down, but why do that in the powerplay? Jason Roy c Badree b A Russell 15(15) [4s-2]A Russell to Jason Roy, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!4.2A Russell to Jason Roy, no run, Roy tries to emulate Hales, goes for the dab down to third man, but the problem was it was very close to the off-stump and he was cramped for room, beaten on the under-edge4.1A Russell to Hales, 1 run, back of a length around off, Hales opens the bat face and steers it down to third manAndre Russell, right-arm fast, comes into the attackAfter being circumspect after two overs, England have got a move on. Here is Russell...3.6Badree to Hales, 1 run, flighted on off, Hales is on the front foot seeing the loop, pushes it down to long-on3.5Badree to Hales, no run, oh he missed out there. Similar kind of delivery as the previous one. Short and wide outside off, Hales cuts and picks out the fielder at cover-point, who dives to his right and makes a fine stop, saved four3.4Badree to Hales, FOUR, hat-trick of fours. Short and outside off, Hales had the width to free his arms, cracks the cut in front of square, pierces the packed off-side field3.3Badree to Hales, FOUR, consecutive boundaries. Tossed up on the stumps, the length is full and Hales picked it early, kneels down and sweeps it over backward square, middled it and no need to run for those3.2Badree to Hales, FOUR, freebie and Hales doesn't miss out. He was struggling to get his timing right and this might help him to get going. Full toss on middle and leg, Hales sinks down and tonks it over backward square, couple of bounces and into the fence3.1Badree to Hales, no run, skids on after pitching, Hales shapes up to play the cut, the ball hurries on and takes the under-edge to the off-side2.6Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, FOUR, top shot! The length was full alright, but the line was on leg-stump. Roy says thank you very much and helps himself to a boundary, clips it handsomely to the right of mid-on and the ball races away. Costly over, 18 off it and England starting to move onMid-off sent back. So, it is going to be full...2.5Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, no run, change of pace, the length is held back as well, Roy had to delay his shot, wrists it to the right of the bowler, Taylor moves and gets a finger on it before mid-on tidies up2.5Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, 5 wides, horror delivery. The attempted yorker goes horribly wrong. Way down the leg-side, Roy can't get any wood on that, the ball doesn't bounce for Ramdin to glove and those are bonus runs for England2.4Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, 2 runs, goes back to short of length and allows Roy to collect two more on the leg-side, whips it through mid-wicket and Brathwaite once again had some work to do2.3Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, no run, beauty! More in that area Taylor. Fullish and luring the batsman to drive, the ball holds its line and beats the attempted drive from Roy. He practices the shot after being beaten neck and crop2.3Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, wide, Taylor decides to test the bounce on the wicket, bangs it in short and Roy doesn't have to do anything. Watches it sail over his head and an extra added to the total2.2Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, 2 runs, again the length remains on the shorter side, the line is too straight, whipped in front of square on the leg-side, Roy called for two straightaway and gets it with ease2.1Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, FOUR, first boundary and out comes the DJ. Shorter and on off, sat up nicely for Roy, who transfered his weight onto the back foot and pulled it through mid-wicket, Brathwaite had no chance in the deep1.6Badree to Jason Roy, 1 run, flatter delivery on off, Roy hangs on the back foot and punches to long-on1.5Badree to Jason Roy, no run, had Badree collected the ball and hit the sticks at the bowler's end, Hales was a goner. Roy punched it off the back foot to the bowler, Hales was backing up a long way, but Badree failed to gather the ball1.4Badree to Jason Roy, no run, Roy charges down and Badree cleverly drags his length back, cramps the batsman for room, bunted away to the off-side rather awkwardly1.3Badree to Jason Roy, no run, fraction short and outside off, Roy rides the bounce and cuts it to cover-point, picks out the fielder1.3Badree to Jason Roy, wide, quicker one down leg, Roy goes down on one knee and fails to connect with the sweep, good take by Ramdin moving to his left1.2Badree to Hales, 1 run, not where he intended, but Hales gets the single away. Flighted on the stumps, Hales kneels down to play the sweep, gets it right off the base of the bat, dribbles away to deep mid-wicket1.1Badree to Jason Roy, 1 run, immediately Roy is down wicket, sees a bit of flight and rushes out of the crease, takes it on the full and drives it down to long-onSamuel Badree, right-arm leg break, comes into the attackWest Indies already look sharp in the field. With a bit of grass on the wicket, Sammy has opted for Badree from the other end. Strange! Why not Russell or Bravo?0.6Jerome Taylor to Hales, no run, fuller and shaping away outside off, Hales push-drives it towards mid-off, Bravo gets to the ball quickly, no chance of a single0.5Jerome Taylor to Hales, no run, Taylor gets away with one. Short and on the hips, Hales stands tall to play the whip, is early into the shot and wears it on the thigh pad. He would be disappointed, there was a boundary for the taking0.4Jerome Taylor to Hales, no run, pitched up and outside off, Hales eases it off the front foot, cover moves to his right and makes a half stop. Hales looks for a single. Bravo swoops in to prevent it0.3Jerome Taylor to Hales, no run, back of a length and straightens a touch, Hales closes the bat face tad early, the soft leading edge goes towards cover. It might have just gripped the surface as Nick Knight said in his pitch report0.2Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, 1 run, there you go. Fullish and hint of away movement, Roy allows the ball to do its bit and pushes it to mid-off, sets off for a risky single. Bravo charges forward and shies at the bowler's end, had he hit Roy would have been on his way back, he missed and Roy survivesAlready a field change. Fine leg comes in and square leg goes back...0.1Jerome Taylor to Jason Roy, no run, short of length delivery around off, Roy gets nicely behind the line and defends it with the straightest of bats. Can't expect the ball to swing with that lengthJason Roy and Hales are at the crease. Jason Roy is on strike. Jerome Taylor will open the attackWest Indies are in a huddle. Sammy who was seen carrying a mascot-kid to the national anthem is doing the talking. They disperse and out come the England openers. Roy marks his guard. Taylor has the new cherry. There was a slip in place and now another is added. All set to begin. Here we go...The flags of both the sides are out and so are the players. The national anthem of England is being played first. All the Englishman are singing in unison, while Eoin Morgan remains silent. "Rally around the West Indies" is followed. Andre Russell has eyes closed and his hand on his chest. The Wankhede is not full, but there are quite a few people.Pitch report: "As an Englishman looking at this pitch, there is a lavish covering of grass. I don't think there will be sideways movement, it might grip off the surface though. There is a bit of encouragement for the pacers, looking at the recent numbers. It is a really good pitch, certainly something for the seamers, the ball will skid on and a few odd ones to turn for the spinners. It will be a good wicket for the batsmen," reckons Nick Knight.Teams:England (Playing XI): Jason Roy, Alex Hales, Joe Root, Eoin Morgan(c), Jos Buttler(w), Ben Stokes, Moeen Ali, Chris Jordan, Adil Rashid, David Willey, Reece TopleyWest Indies (Playing XI): Johnson Charles, Chris Gayle, Marlon Samuels, Denesh Ramdin(w), Dwayne Bravo, Andre Russell, Darren Sammy(c), Carlos Brathwaite, Jerome Taylor, Samuel Badree, Sulieman BennMorgan: "Bit of extra grass and there will be some carry. It swung a bit in our practice game against New Zealand. We would have looked to do the same. Hopefully it won't change much. We are learning as much as we can when we are out here. We played one warm-up game here and it was a good cricket wicket. We have got guys performing throughout and gives us a full squad to pick from and the option to pick according to the conditions. We have one change from the team that played New Zealand, David Willey comes in for Liam Plunkett."Sammy: "We are going to have a bowl. The wicket has a bit of grass and we want to make use of the conditions. Hopefully restrict them to a low total. Ideally, we would have liked to play international matches, but the preparations have been good. We had few games in Dubai and two games here, we have been waiting for this moment. That was a bit difficult, Jason Holder, Lewis, Fletcher and Ashley Nurse miss out."West Indies have won the toss and have opted to fieldDone with build up. Team compositions - check. The recent form of both teams discussed. Stats given. What else do we have? Oh yes, the weather. What does Mumbai have in store for us? The conditions look perfect for a game of cricket. A maximum of 28 degrees and no chance of rain, even the humidity is bearable. We are almost close to toss time. Stay tuned...Form guide: Since the 2014 World T20, England have lost only two T20I series. First was in 2014 against Sri Lanka and the second when they lost recently to South Africa. Apart from that, they have won four bilateral series versus India, New Zealand, Australia and Pakistan, only losing twice in their last eight games. Meanwhile, West Indies have won just the one series since the 2014 World T20, winning four, losing three and one being no result in their last eight games.As has been the norm, our stats editor Deepu Narayanan has pulled out some interesting numbers regarding these two sides. So, lets have a quick glance...- WI lead England 8-4 head-to-head in T20Is including 3-0 in WT20s.- This is West Indies' first ever T20I in India.- Chris Gayle needs one more six to become the first batsman to hit 50 sixes in WT20s. Yuvraj is distant next with 31.- Gayle needs four sixes to equal Brendon McCullum's T20I record of 91 sixes. While McCullum batted in 70 innings, Gayle batted just 43.- Dwayne Bravo needs nine more runs to become the second West Indian after Chris Gayle to reach 1000 runs in T20Is.- Darren Sammy is leading WI for the third time in WT20s. Dhoni (6), Collingwood (3), Graeme Smith (3) are the only others to achieve this.Both teams are filled with all-rounders. However, England have two quality spinners in Rashid and Moeen Ali, whereas West Indies have Badree and Benn. The latter is making a comeback to the T20 side after almost a year. How badly will Sunil Narine be missed? England also score points over West Indies in the middle order. Root, Morgan and Buttler offer more stability than Samuels, Bravo and Ramdin. But one man that tilts the tables in West Indies' favour is Chris Gayle. On his day, he can be murderous and all these equations will be thrown out of the window.How do the teams stack up? Instead of going through the 15-man squad for both the sides, why not make it more interesting by picking the possible XI that might play for the two teams and comparing them against each other. That way I reckon we will have a clearer picture. So, here we go... Gayle v Hales, Charles v Roy, Samuels v Root, Ramdin v Buttler, Bravo v Morgan, Russell v Stokes, Badree v Rashid, Benn v Moeen Ali, Sammy v Willey, Holder v Jordan, Taylor v Topley.England, the inventors of the game and the format, still are struggling to find their bearings when it comes to the shorter forms of the game. Though they won the 2010 World T20, they have not started as favourites on any occasion. However, this time they do. Thanks to the 2015 50-over World Cup debacle. It was an eye-opener for the England side, management and all involved. Post the World Cup, the England team that has taken the field in ODIs and T20Is is difficult to recognise. They play a brand of cricket which is hard to associate with past English sides. They play fearless, attractive and positive cricket. In fact, they have earned themselves a name through such cricket - new England.18:15 Local Time, 12:45 GMT, 18:15 IST: The next stop for the World T20 bonanza is Mumbai, where the 2010 World T20 champs, England meet 2012 champs, West Indies. First off, what would a T20 tournament be without the men from the Caribbean. It's hard to imagine right. Be it a global event or any league around the world, the players from West Indies are the most sought after. They bring in their own flavour to keep the people entertained and make cricket viewing enjoyable. The likes of Chris Gayle, Dwayne Bravo, Andre Russell, etc etc thrive when it comes to the shortest form of the game. And like everytime West Indies will be a force to reckon with in this edition as well.Preview:

Not many pundits and fans would fancy England to make an impact in a world tournament that is being held at the sub-continent. After the 1987 World Cup (where they made it to the final) there have been five major tournaments held at this part of the world with England failing to make it to the semi-finals on all occasions. But this time around, they are buoyed and are confident of putting up a good show in the World T20 2016. Twelve months ago, things were different as they got thumped by Bangladesh in the 2015 World Cup in Australia. And now, the limited-overs misfits have been removed from the side and there is a sudden influx of young and exciting players who are ideally suited to this format. Their brand of cricket has changed and despite losing the two-match Twenty20 International (T20I) series in South Africa recently, they look ready.

The presence of two spinners who are ideally suited to this format is a huge plus for England. Moeen Ali's tidy off-spin and Adil Rashid's leg-spin will be crucial and the latter has been in good form as he demonstrated his prowess in the Big Bash. The batting line up looks fearsome as it boasts of some big power hitters who can play around the consistent Joe Root, who himself can launch an assault if needed.

Inexperience in the seam bowling department, especially in these challenging conditions will test England. Reece Topley and David Willey will have their task cut out, especially against batting heavy sides. Also, this current line-up has not featured in a lot of high-pressure knock-out clashes, which again could prove to be vital.

Meanwhile, West Indies have been in the news with plenty of off-field drama. First the players refused to sign the new contracts and the board threatened to send a second-string side to India. Sunil Narine pulled out of the tournament citing that he still hasn't worked enough on his remodelled action while Kieron Pollard pulled out due to an injury. Darren Bravo decided not to take part in the tournament, opting to work on his game for the longer formats, while Lendl Simmons was ruled out after he failed to recover from a back injury and was replaced by Evin Lewis. 

However, a number of players, including top names like Chris Gayle, Dwayne Bravo and Darren Sammy, know the Indian conditions like the back of their hand and that makes the side even more dangerous. If they can start firing, then it won't be surprising if the team does exceptionally well. Apart from that, a number of West Indies players have been playing in T20 leagues across the globe and that'll certainly hold them in good stead.

West Indies' strength in the World T20 is going to be the power hitters. The likes of Gayle, Bravo, Sammy, Andre Russell, Marlon Samuels and Carlos Brathwaite will have to do most of the damage up front and allow the bowlers the freedom to work with a significant score. On the other hand, lack of a quality spinner will hurt the Caribbean side, although they do have Samuel Badree, who is likely to be the first choice spinner and Sulieman Benn is expected to play the supporting role.