So the tournament is up and running and Zimbabwe will be grateful to get over the line here. They are the favourites to go through from this group and to get the first win out of the way should be satisfying. But we aren't done for the day yet. Afghanistan will be taking on Scotland and the toss is just over 20 minutes away. Flip tabs to catch all the action from that one. See you there!Tanwir Afzal: "We bowled well in the middle. Should have restricted them to around 140. I thought we could chase this total. Our batting lineup has ability. But Zimbabwe bowled well in the powerplay and that was the difference. Yeah, we bowled well in the middle overs and should have finished well. I was in good rhythm and thought that I'll keep going (referring to his bowling)."Hamilton: "I thought that after the wobble we had, to get over 150 was pretty good. It was above par on this pitch. Though Elton played very well to get us there. Where we started and where we were, we would have taken 160. But at one stage, 170 looked possible. Sibanda played very well today. Stayed there for a while longer. He's normally more aggressive than that but pretty laudable how he held himself back. I've done two silly things in the last five games now. I thought I was in easily, but then there was a direct-hit and just one guy appealed in the whole team. I thought "oh no" (speaking about his run-out).""Wasn't so easy out there. Thought it was a decent score, the wicket was a touch slower than we thought. We just had to drag the game to the end. Credit to the guys who stuck in with the bat. Without putting pressure on ourselves - myself, Hami (Masakadza) and the rest of the senior guys have to carry the team through. Wickets here are a lot different to back home. Need to try and spend more time at the crease. Came off today and quite chuffed with that," says a delighted Sibanda who is Man of the MatchA target of 159 isn't so-so and more so on a slow, low Nagpur pitch. Zimbabwe were frugal with runs early on, bowling tight lines until Campbell yielded. His debut at 44 years of age lasted 19 balls for a meager 9 runs. Atkinson went on to score a fifty, the first ever for Hong Kong in a WT20, but Hayat and Chapman failed to hold fort at the other end. The opener couldn't carry on and perished trying to up the ante when the run rate spilled into danger zones. Captain Afzal was dropped on 17 but there was too much left to be done. Flurry of late wickets denied him the strike and both Tiripano and Chatara ended up with two wickets apiece in the win.Jeez, that got close in the end. And the reactions from the Zimbabwe players suggests exactly that. More relief than anything else. But truth be told, the Hong Kong top order left too much to do for those below. Had there been more enterprise shown earlier on, the required rate wouldn't have gone out of bounds like it did.19.6Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, FOUR, Zimbabwe have done the job. Full ball on leg, Afzal sneaks out an inside edge which runs away to the fine leg fence. But it's Zimbabwe, who notch up the win19.5Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, 2 runs, someone catch that, it's up there for ages. But no. Falls between two fielders. Lobbed off the toe-end, hangs there for eternity and falls in front of long-on19.4Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, no run, it's beyond Hong Kong already. Full, fast and speared in towards the pads, Afzal is late on the slog and rapped on the leg19.3Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, no run, slower short of length delivery wide of off, Afzal expects more pace and bounce as he slashes hard. Fails to connect19.2Donald Tiripano to Aizaz Khan, leg byes, 1 run, deceives him in pace. Slower back of a length delivery which takes an age to reach Aizaz, he tries to hold his whip but is still through with the stroke. Brushes the pad on the way to the keeper19.1Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, 1 run, knee-height full toss slanted in towards the pads, Afzal is late on the swipe, fails to connect and collects a leg-bye towards square leg. Or maybe he got an inside edge onto padDonald Tiripano [3.0-0-20-2] is back into the attackTiripano handed the responsibility of the final over. He has plenty of cushion with 23 to defend.18.6Chatara to Aizaz Khan, no run, surely a wide. No? Oh, Chatara is a lucky man. Aizaz cuts a bemused figure and I don't blame him. Looked wide of the tramline to me and he failed to connect18.5Chatara to Aizaz Khan, no run, what a ball! Despite the batsman moving across trying to cover for the widish line, he is able to do nothing. Cannoned into the blockhole and sneaks under the willow18.4Chatara to T Afzal, 1 run, gets it spot on this time. Very full and wide of off, Afzal reaches out and drills the drive to sweeper cover18.4Chatara to T Afzal, no ball, FOUR, oh my goodness! This is the pressure of a mega tournament. Tries a wide yorker from round the wicket, dishes up a high full toss on the stumps. Too high and a no-ball has been signalled. Free-hit to follow. What's worse is that Afzal has heaved it over mid-wicket and all the protection in the deep is on the off-sideAizaz Khan, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.3Chatara to Nizakat Khan, out Caught by Sean Williams!! Consecutive wickets for Chatara and what a time to do it. Sticks to his plan of bowling it full and wide from round the wicket, gets it out of Nizakat's swinging arc and he slices it to deep backward point. Afzal crosses over though. Nizakat Khan c Sean Williams b Chatara 0(1)Chatara to Nizakat Khan, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Nizakat Khan, right handed bat, comes to the crease18.2Chatara to Anshuman Rath, out Caught by Donald Tiripano!! Oh, this will stunt their progress. What's more, the batsmen didn't have time to cross over which leaves Afzal at the non-striker's end. Slower back of a length delivery following Rath from round the wicket as he backs away, cramps him for room on the cut and he lobs it to cover. Anshuman Rath c Donald Tiripano b Chatara 13(8) [4s-2]Chatara to Anshuman Rath, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!18.1Chatara to T Afzal, 1 run, spears it full and slants it away from off, Afzal is unable to get under the ball and drills it along the carpet to deep pointTendai Chatara [3.0-0-21-0] is back into the attackChatara is coming round the wicket. The equation reads, 30 off 12. This is the over which decides it I guess17.6Panyangara to T Afzal, 1 run, oh no, Chigumbura has failed to latch onto a simple enough chance. Full and wide outside off, Afzal tries to carve it hard but ends up slicing it towards backward point. It's over Chigumbura's head, he times the leap to perfection, gets both hands overhead, but fails to cling on17.5Panyangara to T Afzal, SIX, that's huge. Full ball, no reduction in pace this time and Afzal swings through the line over long-on. Excellent connection. Hang on folks, don't go anywhere17.4Panyangara to T Afzal, no run, Panyangara tumbles in his followthrough, then looks back at the umpire nervously and is relieved not to see the arms spread. Short ball wide of off, Afzal is late on the upper cut and fails to connect. Marginal call17.3Panyangara to T Afzal, 2 runs, he finally gets one right off the meat, and to his great chagrin, fails to split the field. Deep mid-wicket is able to run across, stick out his left hand and field it on the bounce. Only a couple17.2Panyangara to T Afzal, no run, another superb slower short ball. The line is well outside off too making Afzal's job on the pull even harder. Sticks in the pitch, bounces little and stoops beneath Afzal's pull to the keeper17.1Panyangara to T Afzal, no run, very cunning delivery. Took all the pace off it. As a result, the ball dies from a back of a length and sneaks under Afzal's lavish pullTinashe Panyangara [3.0-0-18-0] is back into the attack13 an over required in the final three. We've seen them achieved before16.6Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, 3 runs, slower and fuller, wide of off, Afzal bends his back to reach out and slices it over backward point with a wild batswing. Sweeper cover runs across, slides smoothly across the grass and saves a run16.5Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, 2 runs, tries an encore of the previous ball, the line is more favourable too, but he doesn't make proper connection this time. Slices it off the bottom of the bat over extra-cover. Just about evades the fielder running back16.4Donald Tiripano to T Afzal, FOUR, drilled over extra-cover! Hong Kong keep fighting. Full ball which Tiripano does well to get very wide of off, Afzal reaches out and carves it inside out16.3Donald Tiripano to Anshuman Rath, 3 runs, it's full alright but the line isn't far away from off, allows Rath to move across and get it over mid-wicket. Didn't time the slog well and got it off the inside half, but enough to clear the infieldThe field is up on the leg-side with all boundary riders on the other side of the ground. Full and wide I would thinkTanwir Afzal, right handed bat, comes to the crease16.2Donald Tiripano to Atkinson, out Caught by Sean Williams!! Sigh, there's the inevitable. Always felt that they wouldn't be able to sustain the momentum all the time. Had to mistime one at least. And this is it. Well disguised slower ball, delivered it on a fuller length around off, Atkinson is slightly early in the swipe and lobs it off the bottom of the bat towards deep mid-wicket. Williams settles underneath after moving forward, and reverse-cups it over his face. Atkinson c Sean Williams b Donald Tiripano 53(44) [4s-4 6s-2]Donald Tiripano to Atkinson, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!16.1Donald Tiripano to Atkinson, 2 runs, sliced behind backward point. Reaches out to a full ball outside off, uses the pace and skims it off an open face. Easy two before third man runs aroundDonald Tiripano [2.0-0-6-1] is back into the attackThis partnership is worth 31 from 16 balls. It's sparkled some hope out of nowhere. Can they go the distance? Still a tough ask, 53 off 4 overs.15.6Chatara to Anshuman Rath, FOUR, good improvisation. This pair is getting on a bit of a roll here. Walks across the stumps, exposes all 3 sticks and scoops a length ball from middle and off over short fine leg15.5Chatara to Anshuman Rath, no run, good ball. Very full and fast on off, Rath barely gets his bat down to squeeze it into the off-side15.4Chatara to Atkinson, 1 run, in the air, and just short of an incoming long-off. Low full toss slung in around off, Atkinson loses shape in trying to bludgeon it hard and slices it in the air. Only a single15.3Chatara to Atkinson, FOUR, that's a brutal sledge-hammer. Another slower ball but this time it's very full. Atkinson picks it and slams it straight back over the bowler's head. One bounce and over the ropes. Also brings up a half-century for Atkinson15.2Chatara to Atkinson, SIX, smited over mid-wicket! Very very clean. This time he waited for the off-cutter, picked it from a length and heaved it hard. Soars away15.1Chatara to Atkinson, no run, excellent change in pace. Runs the fingers over the side of the ball and delivers it on a good length slanting in towards leg, Atkinson is through with the slog early, the ball deflects off the thigh towards the keeper. Didn't miss the leg-stump by muchTendai Chatara [2.0-0-6-0] is back into the attack14.6W Masakadza to Atkinson, 1 run, charges out of the crease and is followed by the bowler, then adjusts and glances it towards short fine leg14.5W Masakadza to Anshuman Rath, 1 run, a drag-down on the stumps, another potential boundary ball but Rath hits the pull straight to the man in the deep behind square14.4W Masakadza to Anshuman Rath, FOUR, finally a full toss has been made good of. Rath plonks forward and swings it behind square wide of deep backward square leg14.3W Masakadza to Atkinson, 1 run, flatter arm-ball following the batsman from round the wicket, Atkinson swats it down to long-on14.2W Masakadza to Atkinson, 2 runs, oh, nearly does him with some smartness. Atkinson had to really put on the stretch after dancing down, manages to reach the full and wide one and squeezes a drive through point14.1W Masakadza to Atkinson, byes, FOUR, that's gone through everyone! Masakadza fired it in short and pushed it quicker seeing Atkinson come out, manages to sneak past the inside edge of an attempted slog but also left his keeper looking a bit green. Mutumbami never moved. Albeit difficult, still a stumping chanceIf Hong Kong win from here, we would have seen something extraordinary. 81 required in 36..Wellington Masakadza [3.0-0-21-1] is back into the attack13.6S Raza to Anshuman Rath, no run, very quick and flat, skids on from behind a length on middle and leg, catches Rath on the crease trying to work it through the on-side. Sneaks past the inside edge and hits him on the knee-roll. Easily going down leg with the arm13.5S Raza to Atkinson, 1 run, springs out of the crease, takes it on the low full toss and tries to launch it straight. The bat twists in his hands and he ends up slicing it in front of long-off13.4S Raza to Anshuman Rath, 1 run, slower through the air, drifts in on off before turning away slightly, Rath leans across and rolls his wrists on the ball to nudge it into the on-side13.3S Raza to Atkinson, 1 run, flatter, quicker and skidding on from a length towards leg from round the wicket, punched down to long-onAnshuman Rath, left handed bat, comes to the crease13.2S Raza to Chapman, out Caught by Sibanda!! Steps out, converts it into a full toss and slogs it straight to deep mid-wicket. He had to do something rather than just knocking it around. But unfortunately, finds the man in the deep. Sibanda didn't have much to do, just a few paces to the left and an easy grab. Zimbabwe looking good. Chapman c Sibanda b S Raza 19(17) [4s-2 6s-1]S Raza to Chapman, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!13.1S Raza to Atkinson, leg byes, 1 run, risky run but they have to go through with these now. Fired into the pads of an advancing Atkinson, fails to connect with a slog and the ball drops in front of the bowler off the pad. A moment's hesitation before they go through and even a dive couldn't have saved Atkinson at the non-striker's end12.6Panyangara to Chapman, 2 runs, backs away to a short of length delivery slanting away outside off, and slaps it through extra-cover. Sweeper cover does well to skate across to his left and cut it off12.5Panyangara to Atkinson, 1 run, these won't hurt Zimbabwe. Atkinson walks towards the bowler, gets it on a fuller length and just taps it down to long-off for a single. No intent at all. Could have really thrown the kitchen sink at it but no12.4Panyangara to Chapman, 1 run, and that's what's been the trend from Panyangara. Slower, short of length, and towards the stumps. Chapman has no pace to work with and punches it down to long-onThird man in the ring suggesting the usage of slower balls.12.3Panyangara to Atkinson, 1 run, another off-cutter, zipping in from a back of a length towards off, Atkinson stays leg-side and pats it in front of backward point for a single12.2Panyangara to Atkinson, no run, hurls down the track and allows Panyangara the time to see him coming. Panyangara adjusts and slows the pace down, also bowling it very full just outside off. Atkinson is way too early on the attempted inside out loft and misses12.1Panyangara to Atkinson, 2 runs, slower length ball on middle, Atkinson softly clips it through the mid-wicket region and hares back for a secondTinashe Panyangara [2.0-0-11-0] is back into the attack11.6S Raza to Chapman, no run, drifts it in towards middle, Chapman tries a slog but drags it off the inside half towards mid-wicket. Went quickly negating the chance of a single11.6S Raza to Chapman, wide, flat, short and well wide of off, left alone11.5S Raza to Chapman, no run, walks well across the stumps to scoop it fine, no pace on the ball as it drifts down leg as he misses. Or did he? Bobbed up off the keeper's pad and he dived forward suggesting there was some bat there. Not quite sure11.4S Raza to Chapman, FOUR, poor effort from Wellington Masakadza at long-on. Covered good ground, got to it but let it sneak through the palms. Chapman goes through with a powerful drive over the non-striker despite not meeting the pitch and collects a fortunate four11.3S Raza to Atkinson, leg byes, 1 run, just firing them in, no time for Atkinson to adjust after dancing down, fails to get bat on the attempted flick and the ball deflects in front of backward point for a leg-bye11.2S Raza to Atkinson, 2 runs, quicker through the air and the length is full, whipped off the pads behind square. Wide enough of deep square leg to allow a brace11.1S Raza to Atkinson, no run, fired in full from round the wicket, driven back to the bowlerSikandar Raza, right-arm off break, comes into the attack10.6W Masakadza to Chapman, no run, Masakadza pulls the length back and turns it in towards middle, Chapman plays the reverse-paddle straight to short third man10.5W Masakadza to Chapman, no run, gets too close to the pitch after a shimmy down and drills the drive to extra-cover10.4W Masakadza to Chapman, SIX, mighty blow across the line! He went with the turn though. Doesn't get to the pitch after dancing down, but is safe in the knowledge that the ball is turning in and heaves it over deep mid-wicket10.3W Masakadza to Chapman, FOUR, excellent shot. Used his nimble feet to twinkle down, Masakadza tries to adjust by firing it wide but it only adds to the swinging room. Chapman carves it over a leaping extra-cover who may have got fingertips10.2W Masakadza to Atkinson, 1 run, and again. Darts it in from round the wicket towards the pads of an advancing Atkinson, this time though the ball pops further towards a vacant mid-wicket region10.1W Masakadza to Atkinson, no run, sees the batsman giving charge and fires it in to hit the pad. Didn't give Atkinson the time to get his bat across on the flickThe required rate has gone beyond 11 and it's panic stations already..9.6Sean Williams to Chapman, no run, another one that should have been played straight. Instead Chapman wants to sweep this middle-stump delivery, misses and thankfully the angle was taking it down9.5Sean Williams to Chapman, no run, slowish delivery on a fuller length, Chapman crouches to keep this out9.4Sean Williams to Atkinson, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Atkinson punches it down the ground and collects a run. Need boundaries Atkinson9.3Sean Williams to Atkinson, no run, darted in on off. Pitched and skidded back in quickly, Atkinson was looking to work it into the leg-side but was rapped on the pads. Enough down the pitch and enough outside off to not invite an appeal9.2Sean Williams to Chapman, 1 run, gives this some air on off, Chapman clips it away and it beat mid-wicket's dive to give away a single9.1Sean Williams to Atkinson, 1 run, round-armish and hurrying in, Atkinson tucks it to square leg and hurries for a single8.6W Masakadza to Chapman, no run, pushed through, Chapman comes down the track and punches it to mid-wicket8.5W Masakadza to Chapman, no run, tossed up on middle, Chapman gets forward and blocks it out8.4W Masakadza to Atkinson, 1 run, another one too straight but bowled teasingly slow, Atkinson nudges it round the corner8.3W Masakadza to Chapman, 1 run, veering down a touch, Chapman helps it to backward square leg8.2W Masakadza to Chapman, no run, sees Chapman charging down and bowls it slow. Chapman sort of yorks himself and nudges it back to the bowlerMark Chapman, left handed bat, comes to the crease8.1W Masakadza to Hayat, out Lbw!! The spinners are dragging Zimbabwe back in the game. Quicker delivery, Hayat goes for the premeditated sweep. Gets on his knee and sweeps only to miss. Ball skids off the track, pings Hayat on the back thigh and the umpire didn't take a second to raise his finger. Big wicket this. The ball was clipping the leg, says HawkEye. Hayat lbw b W Masakadza 9(12) [4s-1]W Masakadza to Hayat, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!7.6Sean Williams to Atkinson, no run, quicker delivery on off in response, Atkinson gets behind this with a straight bat7.5Sean Williams to Atkinson, SIX, that's launched. That's why they hate flight in T20s. Some on this ball, Atkinson puts his skate on, shimmies down the track and meats it down the ground. Sails over long-off7.4Sean Williams to Hayat, 1 run, comes down the track and turns this to long-on for another single7.3Sean Williams to Hayat, 2 runs, too straight and Hayat flicks it to deep square leg. Uses his wrists and collects a brace7.2Sean Williams to Atkinson, 1 run, just a hint of turn and the Nagpur track obliges. Gentle turn away, Atkinson was forward and looked like he deliberately opens the face of the bat to collect a single. Further runs denied by backward point's plunge and dive7.1Sean Williams to Hayat, 1 run, arrowed in outside off, Hayat eases it to cover where a fumble lets Hayat roar out a call immediately. Another good runSean Williams, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attack6.6W Masakadza to Atkinson, 2 runs, good running between the wickets. Shortish delivery but there are nerves after that near dismissal. Comes down the ground and punches it with a closed blade past square leg. Then pushes his partner to take the second run comfortably6.5W Masakadza to Hayat, 1 run, gentle flight, Hayat comes down the track and wrists it away to long-on6.4W Masakadza to Atkinson, 1 run, tossed up within the stumps, Atkinson steps out and nurdles it to backward square leg6.3W Masakadza to Atkinson, no run, opens the face of the bat and guides this ball to backward point6.2W Masakadza to Atkinson, FOUR, no sun to deceive the deep mid-wicket fielder but he has made a mess of it. Couldn't pick this uppish sweep from Atkinson. Was timed well but no placement, Sibanda looked wrong-footed in the deep as he stopped his run across and then just protracted it away, tipping it away to the fence. Oh Zimbabwe!6.1W Masakadza to Atkinson, no run, flatter outside off, Atkinson gets across and taps it with an open bladeWellington Masakadza, left-arm orthodox, comes into the attackTime for spin. From round the wicket. No slip5.6Chatara to Hayat, no run, softener on a length in the corridor of uncertainty. If there's one in a T20! Patted back down the pitch again in defence5.5Chatara to Hayat, no run, on a length and outside off, tapped defensively into the off-side5.4Chatara to Atkinson, 1 run, good length delivery and Atkinson misses on the ambitious leg glance. Had shuffled way outside the off-stump to let the umpire ignore the muted appeal. He might have got some wood as the umpire gives it as a run5.3Chatara to Atkinson, no run, stays flat-footed and punches it to one of the off-ring guarders5.2Chatara to Atkinson, FOUR, that was meaty. Short ball and hurrying onto Atkinson too but he hauls his front leg in the air, propels himself into the bat swing and heaves it over mid-wicket. Goes very high, bounces inside the ropes and then scoots over5.1Chatara to Atkinson, no run, short of length delivery speared down the leg-side, Atkinson turns looking to glance but doesn't play at it. Ball takes the shirt and goes further down the leg-sideJust 6 runs and a wicket across 2 overs for Donald Tiripano. Top-shelf stuff4.6Donald Tiripano to Hayat, no run, goes wide of the crease and angles it in. Hayat could do nothing. Stays forward, hunches and offers a dead bat in reply4.5Donald Tiripano to Hayat, no run, good defensive line this. Just outside off on a good length, Hayat hops back in his crease and blocks it under his eyes4.4Donald Tiripano to Hayat, no run, this times middles the ball but the punch-drive finds cover4.3Donald Tiripano to Hayat, FOUR, there's bat swing now at least. Hayat stretched forward to flog it through covers but this is Nagpur. The ball steams off the pitch leisurely, low bounce too and the toe-end runs wide of leg-stump all the way through4.2Donald Tiripano to Hayat, no run, ducks in from back of a length, Hayat is late on his swipe and the ball takes the thigh padBabar Hayat, right handed bat, comes to the crease4.1Donald Tiripano to Campbell, out Caught by H Masakadza!! The run-noose has given way to a wicket. Short and a much mediocre ball that should have seen the deep. Campbell stood higher in his crease and swung his blade to aim over long-on. Ends up mistiming it and finds mid-on who just protracts his hands to reverse-cup it over his head. Campbell c H Masakadza b Donald Tiripano 9(19) [4s-1]Donald Tiripano to Campbell, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Donald Tiripano [1.0-0-2-0] is back into the attackHong Kong need some boundaries or this run drought can (will?) catalyse a downfall. Silver lining is that they are unhurt so far3.6Chatara to Atkinson, no run, back of a length delivery, Atkinson slides back in his crease, gets his elbow higher and defends it back to Chatara. End of a top 1-run over3.5Chatara to Campbell, 1 run, short of length delivery, Campbell stayed back and helped it with a chip over the infield. Crosses his bat and collects a single to backward square leg3.4Chatara to Campbell, no run, another ball denying Campbell the width, Campbell slides across with a hop and carves out this fullish delivery. On the bounce to point3.3Chatara to Campbell, no run, good length and with an iota of width, Campbell doesn't move his feet to crash this to cover3.2Chatara to Campbell, no run, perhaps underestimated the pace and wanted to thump it across the line. Ball bounds off a shortish length and beats the bat swing3.1Chatara to Campbell, no run, absolutely angled in on the stumps, Campbell stays back and just jammed his bat on the ground to get behind the lineTendai Chatara, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack2.6Panyangara to Atkinson, FOUR, the timing is back and the bat's middle replaces the thigh pad now, apparently. Short ball that bounces enough to ride it, Atkinson stands taller and pulls the pants off it. Through backward square and bounces once before hurrying across the ropes2.5Panyangara to Campbell, 1 run, length ball, tried to force it through the off-side, a thickish inside edge rolls to backward square leg2.4Panyangara to Campbell, FOUR, short ball down leg and it's been helped with a swiveling pull through fine leg. Kingpins his back heel and thumps it away with swagger. A boundary!2.3Panyangara to Campbell, no run, that ball stuck in Campbell's helmet! Who's ushered this pitch with this bounce? Short ball hitting the rare Nagpur trampoline, zooms up and hurries onto Campbell. Campbell hops up and sees the ball jam into the helmet grille2.2Panyangara to Campbell, no run, this could have been crashed but it's to the fielder again. Intercepted straight at cover2.1Panyangara to Campbell, no run, back of a length delivery veering down, Campbell half-turns but no bat. Off the airborne left thigh pad. Keeper shuffles and tidies up1.6Donald Tiripano to Atkinson, no run, very full and straight, Atkinson stays back looking to play a stylish flick. Off the inside edge and onto the boots. Hardly an appeal. Why have sore throats?1.5Donald Tiripano to Campbell, 1 run, greedily bowled straight again. Doesn't skid off the pitch and Campbell could clip it away through mid-wicket for a single1.4Donald Tiripano to Campbell, no run, another one scissoring in off this Nagpur pitch. Yes, pinch yourself. Campbell just about manages to get his bat down and evades a pad-hit1.3Donald Tiripano to Atkinson, leg byes, 1 run, loud appeal but not given. Good length delivery that nipped back in from off, Atkinson was hurried into his flick but still couldn't connect. Rapped on the pad but going down easily1.2Donald Tiripano to Campbell, 1 run, the timing's in the cabinet in the dressing room. Lifts his front leg in air trying to execute a Nataraja pull. Is late on this shortish delivery and it's mistimed in the air towards mid-wicket1.1Donald Tiripano to Campbell, no run, that went 180 degrees opposite to where Campbell wanted it to go. Forgets to use his feet and just punches this good length delivery towards cover. Inside edge that could have taken the off-stump down with itDonald Tiripano, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attackNo urgency from Hong Kong is a good thing. Sane start sans circus0.6Panyangara to Campbell, 1 run, fullish and straight attacking the pad, Campbell is quick to twirl his wrists and collect a quick single to mid-wicket0.5Panyangara to Campbell, no run, on a good length and around off, Campbell creates some room and stabs it standing taller. Towards cover but there's no timing on this to breach the off-ring0.4Panyangara to Campbell, no run, effort ball veering down, Campbell wanted to pull it away one-legged. Was late the ball took the thigh pad and scooted towards short fine. Cut off by the keeper and the run's cut short0.3Panyangara to Campbell, no run, length and closer to off this time, Campbell lunged forward and presents a straight bat in defence0.2Panyangara to Atkinson, 1 run, an easy steer down to third man for a single. Just opened the bat face, used the width and tapped it away. Thoughts of a second but the agility in the deep lets them abort it0.1Panyangara to Atkinson, no run, on a fullish length outside off, Atkinson walked across and bunts it down the pitch with a slightly closed bladeAtkinson and Campbell are at the crease. Atkinson is on strike. Panyangara will open the attackPlayers are out....now! Nagpur often dishes out skewed encounters but this one between two evenly-matched teams for a premium World Cup spot shouldn't disappoint. Hope. Ryan Campbell, aged 44 years and the oldest ever debutant in the T20Is, is at the crease. Panyangara on top of his mark. One slip..Regular wickets threatened normalcy and a par score for Zimbabwe but Elton Chigumbura's late hitting means that it'll take a good chase to hunt this down. Not enough people in the crowd but the handful that are present have smiley masks and are roaring enough to compensate for a near empty stadium.A fiery cameo from Elton Chigumbura has powered Zimbabwe to a decent total. A flurry of wickets towards the end had threatened to derail them completely but a few lusty blows from the all-rounder ensured that wasn't the case. However, it was the partnership between Sibanda and Waller which set things up nicely. Joining hands in some strife with the score reading 62/4, the duo knocked the scoreboard around for a while before Sibanda opened his shoulders to register a maiden T20I half-century. On a pitch which looks pretty slow, low and two-paced, it will be a thorough test of the Hong Kong batting lineup. Certainly a gettable target, but let's see if they are up to it... 19.6H Amjad to Chigumbura, 2 runs, another short delivery and on the stumps, Chigumbura looks to pull and gets an inside edge. They scamper across for a run. The bowler chases after it, but by then, the duo pinch another run. Nice end to Zimbabwe's innings there19.5H Amjad to Chigumbura, SIX, impressive strike by Chigumbura there. Shortish delivery and outside off, Chigumbura makes room and hammers it over the long-off fence for a maximum19.4H Amjad to Chigumbura, 2 runs, shorter in length, Chigumbura pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a brace. Good running between the wickets there19.3H Amjad to Panyangara, byes, 1 run, Panyangara looks to crack it over the off-side and fails to get any wood on it. The keeper underarms it at the striker's end and effects a direct-hit, but the batsman was in. The non-striker was alert to respond to the call as they sneak in a bye19.3H Amjad to Panyangara, wide, sliding down leg, Panyangara misses out with the tuck, signalled as a wide19.2H Amjad to Chigumbura, 1 run, very full from Amjad, Chigumbura drills it down to long-offTinashe Panyangara, right handed bat, comes to the crease19.1H Amjad to Chigumbura, out W Masakadza Run Out!! 1 run completed. Good throw by Hayat has resulted in Masakadza's run out. Chigumbura clubbed it to Hayat at long-on who swooped down on the ball quickly and fired in a rocket throw at the bowler's end. Despite the batsman looking to slide his bat in, he can't make it back to the crease. Amjad collected the ball cleanly and whipped the bails off. W Masakadza run out (Hayat/H Amjad) 2(5)H Amjad to Chigumbura, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!The TV umpire has been beckoned for a run out. W Masakadza is the batsman in question. Well, on replays, it is clear that when the bowler whipped the bails off at the non-striker's end, Masakadza was short of the crease. On expected lines, he has been given out.Haseeb Amjad [2.0-0-28-0] is back into the attack18.6Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, 1 run, full toss and outside off, Chigumbura would be a disappointed man that he could not bisect the gap through short third man. Chigumbura dabbed it to short third man, but can't breach the gap18.5Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, SIX, it is raining sixes at the ground! Aizaz goes for the yorker and misses. Chigumbura takes advantage of it by clubbing it over the long-off boundary. Chigumbura backed away there and made good connection18.4Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, SIX, eventually, we see a batsman getting it right off the screws. The slower one that is bowled outside off, Chigumbura manufactures room and buries it over the long-on fence. It cleared the boundary rope with utmost ease18.3Aizaz Khan to W Masakadza, 1 run, low full toss and just outside off, Masakadza slaps it to sweeper cover, who gets to the ball quickly and stops the pair from nabbing the second run18.2Aizaz Khan to W Masakadza, no run, the off-pace delivery and on the stumps, bunted down to mid-on, who makes a tumbling save18.1Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, 1 run, very full and just outside off, Chigumbura slaps it to long-on, but can't pinch another run17.6Nadeem Ahmed to Chigumbura, 1 run, slower through the air and on the stumps, Chigumbura pushes it to silly mid-off and hares down to the other end for a quick single. Zimbabwe will take any run they can get from here17.5Nadeem Ahmed to W Masakadza, 1 run, Masakadza camps on the back foot and cracks the cut to sweeper cover for a brace17.4Nadeem Ahmed to W Masakadza, no run, slightly shorter in length, Masakadza mistimes the pull towards mid-on17.3Nadeem Ahmed to W Masakadza, no run, on a length and outside off, Masakadza tries to to pat it to third man and is beatenWellington Masakadza, left handed bat, comes to the crease17.2Nadeem Ahmed to Donald Tiripano, out Lbw!! Another one bites the dust. In a space of a few deliveries, Zimbabwe have lost three wickets now. Coming back to the wicket, Tiripano sits on one knee, premeditates and brings out the reverse sweep to a tossed up delivery. However, he misses out. On expected lines, Nadeem belts out an appeal for LBW. Ian Gould takes his time and answers the appeal in the affirmative. Right decision made. It was going on to crash the middle-stump there. Donald Tiripano lbw b Nadeem Ahmed 0(2)Nadeem Ahmed to Donald Tiripano, THAT'S OUT!! Lbw!!17.1Nadeem Ahmed to Chigumbura, 1 run, dragged down delivery from Nadeem, Chigumbura drills it to long-offNadeem Ahmed [3.0-0-23-0] is back into the attack16.6Aizaz Khan to Donald Tiripano, no run, well bowled Aizaz! The toe-crusher that was aimed at the stumps, Tiripano can only dig it out back to the bowler16.5Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, 1 run, slower one and outside off, Chigumbura stays slightly leg-side of the ball and pats it away to third man for an easy singleDonald Tiripano, right handed bat, comes to the crease16.4Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, out Caught by Chapman!! Zimbabwe are losing the plot in the slog overs. Juicy full toss and begging to be hammered. Sibanda biffs it to the man at deep mid-wicket, who did not have to move an inch to pouch the catch with both hands. Hong Kong have been sharp in the field. Sibanda c Chapman b Aizaz Khan 59(46) [4s-5 6s-2]Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!16.3Aizaz Khan to Chigumbura, 1 run, full and straight from Aizaz, squeezed out to backward point for a quick single16.2Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Sibanda drills it to long-off. It almost hit the right leg of the bowlerElton Chigumbura, right handed bat, comes to the crease16.1Aizaz Khan to M Waller, out Caught by Kinchit Shah!! Waller would feel unlucky. He got enough wood on that short and wide delivery to crack a boundary. However, he smacked it straight to the fielder positioned at sweeper cover. Mediocred with width, Waller flays the cut, but smashes it straight to Kinchit Shah at sweeper cover. M Waller c Kinchit Shah b Aizaz Khan 26(29) [4s-1]Aizaz Khan to M Waller, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!Aizaz Khan [2.0-0-15-0] is back into the attack15.6Anshuman Rath to Sibanda, SIX, this time, Sibanda shows his aggressive intent. He chips down the track and lofts a delivery that is bowled slower through the air over the long-on fence. Nice flow of hands from Sibanda there15.5Anshuman Rath to M Waller, 1 run, shorter in length, Waller cuts it away to sweeper cover15.4Anshuman Rath to M Waller, no run, Waller pushes this tossed up delivery back to the bowler15.3Anshuman Rath to M Waller, no run, very slow through the air from Rath, Waller pushes it to mid-off15.2Anshuman Rath to M Waller, 2 runs, Waller backs away and deliberately cuts it to deep extra cover and picks up a couple of runs. Agin excellent running between the wickets15.1Anshuman Rath to Sibanda, 1 run, Sibanda can't take a heavy toll of the free-hit. He uses the short-arm pull to long-on for a single15.1Anshuman Rath to M Waller, no ball, Anshuman has overstepped and as a result, will be a no-ball. So, we have a free-hit in place. Coming back to the delivery, Waller dabs it away to sweeper coverAnshuman Rath, comes into the attack14.6Nadeem Ahmed to M Waller, 1 run, pushed through and on the stumps, clipped to deep mid-wicket14.5Nadeem Ahmed to M Waller, 2 runs, the length is again on the shorter side, Waller camps on the back foot and cuts it to sweeper cover and good running between the wickets facilitates Waller to pick up two more runs14.4Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, 1 run, Sibanda rocks back and cuts this shorter in length delivery to long-off14.3Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, no run, Sibanda dances down the track, but can only pad it away to cover-point14.2Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, SIX, Sibanda cracks the first fifty of the World T20. This is also his first fifty in his T20I career. He charged down the track, got close to the pitch of the ball and lofted it straight down the ground for a maximum. Nice straight hit from Sibanda14.1Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, no run, slower through the air and outside off, Sibanda sinks on one knee and looks to slog-sweep, but fails to get any wood on it. He was looking to play against the spin there13.6Campbell to M Waller, 2 runs, very full and targetting the stumps, Waller makes room and carves it away to deep backward point. The fielder from sweeper cover swoops down on the ball, but can't prevent the pair from taking a couple of runs13.5Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, this time, Sibanda nabs a quick single with a dab to cover13.4Campbell to M Waller, 1 run, speared down leg, Waller rolls his wrists on the flick and gets it to square leg13.3Campbell to M Waller, no run, flatter trajectory and on the stumps, pushed to mid-on13.2Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, Sibanda goes for the big shot with a slog-sweep. Thankfully, for him the fielder at deep mid-wicket bailed out too quickly and as a result, falls in front of him13.1Campbell to M Waller, 1 run, very full and zooming in on the stumps, driven down to long-off12.6Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, no run, Sibanda waltzes down the track, Nadeem though shortens his length. Sibanda takes the defensive line and pads it away to backward point12.5Nadeem Ahmed to M Waller, 1 run, shorter in length and on off-stump, Waller cuts it to sweeper cover12.4Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, 1 run, Sibanda prods forward and pinches a quick single to cover-point with a push. Sibanda's partner was alert to respond to the call12.3Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, no run, flghted ball and and just outside off, Sibanda dabs it to backward point12.2Nadeem Ahmed to M Waller, 1 run, tossed up delivery from Nadeem, Waller goes inside-out and chips it to sweeper cover for an easy single12.1Nadeem Ahmed to M Waller, no run, slightly slower through the air and on off-stump, pushed to cover, who makes a fine saveNadeem Ahmed [1.0-0-10-0] is back into the attack11.6Campbell to Sibanda, 2 runs, deft touch from Sibanda there. Waits on the back foot and late cuts it to third man. Despite the fielder at short third man looking to cut down the second run, Sibanda adds a couple of runs to his tally11.5Campbell to Sibanda, no run, shorter in length, Sibanda camps back and punches it to mid-wicket11.4Campbell to Sibanda, 2 runs, drifting down leg, Sibanda rolls his wrists on it and clips it to fine leg for a brace11.4Campbell to Sibanda, wide, sliding down leg, Sibanda thinks of clipping it around the corner before deciding to let it go by, called as a wide11.3Campbell to Sibanda, no run, another pushed through delivery that was bowled on the stumps, Sibanda taps it back to the bowler11.2Campbell to M Waller, 1 run, flatter trajectory and on the stumps, Waller chops it behind square on the off-side11.1Campbell to M Waller, 2 runs, pushed through and on the stumps, Waller dabs it to the left of the backward point fielder and good running between the wickets help the pair to add two more runs to the bag10.6Aizaz Khan to M Waller, 1 run, slightly back of a length and outside off, Waller solidly bunts it down to long-on10.6Aizaz Khan to M Waller, wide, miles outside off, left alone to the keeper. signalled as a wide. It was on the tramlines there. The umpire gave the decision in favour of the batsman10.5Aizaz Khan to M Waller, 2 runs, juicy full toss from Aizaz and begging to be thumped, Waller cracks a punchy-drive to deep extra cover, who misfields, but the duo don't look to pinch another run10.4Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, 1 run, yorker length from Aizaz, Sibanda digs it out to mid-off and scampers across for a quick single10.3Aizaz Khan to M Waller, 1 run, good length delivery and sliding down leg, Waller clips it to deep backward square leg10.2Aizaz Khan to M Waller, no run, fullish and just outside off, Waller taps it to backward point, where Chapman makes a sharp save10.1Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, 1 run, fuller length delivery and just outside off, Sibanda drives it to long-off9.6Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, nudged down to long-on9.5Campbell to M Waller, 1 run, hung back and went with a flat-bat push, wide of cover-point9.4Campbell to M Waller, no run, wanted to chop this into the off-side but was late in doing so, beaten by the dip and turn9.3Campbell to M Waller, no run, mild appeal for lbw but did that pitch outside leg? Might be. Waller was looking to work this into the leg-side and got some inside edge ono his pad. The only appeal was from the bowler but the umpire was spot on there9.2Campbell to M Waller, no run, pitched around middle and leg, spun past the poking blade of Waller who was stuck inside the crease9.1Campbell to M Waller, FOUR, another juicy full toss from Campbell, Waller slaps it past a diving short cover and jeez! He hit that so hard and it raced away in a hurry8.6Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, 2 runs, length outside off, Sibanda drives to the left of long-off for a duo of runs8.5Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, FOUR, length ball in the slot to be whacked. Sibanda transferred his weight onto the back foot and pulled it with utter disdain, over mid-wicket and there's no stopping that8.4Aizaz Khan to M Waller, 1 run, hops inside the crease and punchily taps this length ball towards cover-point8.3Aizaz Khan to M Waller, no run, loopy bouncer, misdirected, down the leg-side as Waller arches back to evade that8.2Aizaz Khan to M Waller, no run, short and at the hip, Waller half-swivels and drags the pull off the inside half in front of mid-wicket8.1Aizaz Khan to Sibanda, 1 run, length outside off, punched to long-offAizaz Khan, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack7.6Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, floated up on off, Sibanda twirls his wrists on the flick, to mid-wicketMalcolm Waller, right handed bat, comes to the crease7.5Campbell to Sibanda, out S Raza Run Out!! 1 run completed! What was that? Sibanda drove this full ball straight towards long-on and I reckon he had a brain-freeze. For some strange reason he wanted a second which was obviously non-existent. I'm sure even Usain Bolt wouldn't have made that. No nonsense from the fielder at long-on. Serves up an accurate throw to the bowler who does the bail-flashing job. S Raza run out (Hayat/Campbell) 3(4)Campbell to Sibanda, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!7.4Campbell to S Raza, 1 run, fullish and dipping in just outside off, Raza camps back and slices the drive square on the off-side7.3Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, another one full and asking to be driven, Sibanda obliges and slots it to long-offSibanda pulls out as he wasn't ready. Campbell though sprays a full toss, lucky to get away with that...7.2Campbell to S Raza, 1 run, looped up around off, full in length, Raza drives to long-off7.1Campbell to Sibanda, 1 run, a candyfloss to start with, full toss outside off and Sibanda has slammed it straight towards long-offRyan Campbell, right-arm off break, comes into the attackWell then! Here comes the 44 year-old debutant. No slips6.6T Afzal to Sibanda, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Sibanda throws his hands into the shot. Was looking to cut square on the off-side but the inside edge skims past the keeper, allowing the duo to nab a sharp single6.5T Afzal to Sibanda, no run, on the back foot, punchily defended towards cover who runs forward and puts paid to Sibanda's thought of stealing a quick single6.4T Afzal to Sibanda, 2 runs, a little too straight and Sibanda lofts it straight down the ground, long-on does well though. Swiftly moves to his left and puts in the slide to prevent a boundary6.3T Afzal to S Raza, 1 run, angling in on off, Raza gets across and pushes it down the track, towards long-on for a single to get off the mark6.2T Afzal to S Raza, no run, back of a length delivery angled in on middle, punched back to the bowlerSikandar Raza, right handed bat, comes to the crease6.1T Afzal to Sean Williams, out Bowled!! PLAYED ON! Sean Williams kicks the turf in frustration as he wanders back to the dug-out. It was on a fuller length and well wide of off, Williams flashes his hands on the drive as he seeks to reach out for the delivery. The leather kisses the inside edge and thunders back onto the stumps. The keeper is delighted and so is the Hong Kong skipper. Sean Williams b T Afzal 12(6) [4s-2]T Afzal to Sean Williams, THAT'S OUT!! Bowled!!Back to pace again. The keeper is standing upto the stumps5.6Nadeem Ahmed to Sean Williams, 1 run, darted full at the stumps, Williams squats low and chips this over the bowler's head, retains the strike with that run5.5Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, 1 run, tad short on middle, Sibanda punches it past his partner for an easy single5.4Nadeem Ahmed to Sean Williams, 1 run, quicker and flatter on leg-stump, driven with a closed bat face, down to long-on5.3Nadeem Ahmed to Sean Williams, FOUR, that's typical Williams for you. On one knee and got the middle on the reverse sweep, placed it wide of backward point and quick outfield does the rest5.2Nadeem Ahmed to Sean Williams, 2 runs, drifting onto his pads, Williams drops to one knee and goes for an agricultural swipe. Off the inside half and deep mid-wicket dives full length (to his right) to make a commendable stop, saved a double there5.1Nadeem Ahmed to Sibanda, 1 run, tossed up just outside off, Sibanda crouches low and drags the slog down to long-on, not an advisable shot given that he is playing against the turnNadeem Ahmed, comes into the attackTime for some spin now. Nadeem Ahmed it is. No slips...4.6T Afzal to Sean Williams, FOUR, nutmegged! Right through the keeper's legs. It was short and Williams had enough room to go for the cut. He gets an under edge on the stroke which nutmegs the keeper and races away into the third man fence. Streaky way to get off the mark but Williams won't mind that4.5T Afzal to Sibanda, 1 run, eased down to long-on4.4T Afzal to Sibanda, no run, opens the bat face and taps this fullish delivery towards backward point4.3T Afzal to Sibanda, no run, slightly fuller and in the outside off channel, push-driven towards mid-offSean Williams, left handed bat, comes to the crease4.2T Afzal to Mutumbami, out Caught by Nadeem Ahmed!! Couldn't have picked the fielder any better! What a tame end to Mutumbami's innings. He walks off to a third-ball duck. Backs away and tries to emulate his partner. Back of a length darted in around off, Mutumbami lofted it off the inside half and it went straight down the throat of long-on who was set for the trap. Nadeem almost shelled it as he went for a reverse-cup. The ball just held on in his wrists. Mutumbami c Nadeem Ahmed b T Afzal 0(3)T Afzal to Mutumbami, THAT'S OUT!! Caught!!4.1T Afzal to Mutumbami, no run, shortish and outside off, Mutumbami punch-drives towards mid-off3.6H Amjad to Sibanda, no run, back of a length outside off, Sibanda cuts but backward point dives to his right to make a fine stop3.5H Amjad to Sibanda, no run, sprayed this down leg and Sibanda's modest clip finds short fine3.4H Amjad to Sibanda, FOUR, you cannot bowl there, on middle and leg-stump line and Sibanda has helped it away with a fine roll of the wrists, on the uppish flick and it scorched off the turf through mid-wicket3.3H Amjad to Sibanda, no run, whaaadddday waste! Guess what! Sibanda flicked this slower delivery straight into the mitts of mid-wicket, the batsmen refuse to sneak in a single though3.3H Amjad to Sibanda, no ball, front foot no-ball from Amjad and he slipped this down leg, Sibanda failed to get bat on the glance. Free-hit coming up3.2H Amjad to Sibanda, FOUR, this time off the back foot! Leant on his back leg and pulled it nonchalantly from outside off, needless to mention that the length was short. Superbly timed stroke that!3.1H Amjad to Sibanda, FOUR, that's his strength, he likes playing it straight. Shimmies down the pitch and smokes this length ball back over the bowler's head for a one-bounce four2.6T Afzal to Mutumbami, no run, defends this back of a length delivery from the crease2.5T Afzal to Sibanda, 1 run, wristed towards mid-on for an easy single. Unlike Masakadza, Mutumbami grounded his bat this time as the throw came in at his end2.4T Afzal to Sibanda, FOUR, beautiful execution! Length delivery on the stumps, Sibanda bends his back knee and lifts this over mid-on, once it cleared the fielder it was always going to be a boundary2.3T Afzal to Sibanda, no run, chopped towards pointRichmond Mutumbami, right handed bat, comes to the crease2.2T Afzal to H Masakadza, out H Masakadza Run Out!! As I mentioned, Masakadza pushed this ball towards mid-off and was trundling towards the other end. The fielder though shies and this time, he hits the bulls-eye. Masakadza was in the air when the bails came off and he has a long walk back to the pavilion. He must have grounded his bat but must say his laziness cost him dearly. He covers his face with bat in embarassment. H Masakadza run out (Hayat) 20(13) [4s-3 6s-1]T Afzal to H Masakadza, THAT'S OUT!! Run Out!!Oh! What has happened there? Masakadza drove this fullish ball to mid-off and went across for a quick single. There was a direct hit but I tell you what? Masakadza is OUT. That's a school boy error chirps Mel. Jones on air. Totally agreed. You cannot afford to be so lazy. Masakadza was well inside the crease but none of his belongings were on the ground. Foot, bat and et al... everything in the air and he sees a gaint RED signal on the screen2.1T Afzal to H Masakadza, FOUR, that's much better from Masakadza, more of an orthodox shot. Remains solid inside the crease, picks the length quickly and punches it right off the screws, raced away past cover1.6H Amjad to H Masakadza, 1 run, the keeper comes up for this delivery. Masakadza stays back inside the crease and nudges this wide of long-on to keep strike1.5H Amjad to H Masakadza, FOUR, Masakadza is in massacre mood right now, murdering the ball at will. Skips out and gets to the pitch of this fullish ball and clobbers it past cover, no point chasing that lads!1.4H Amjad to H Masakadza, SIX, wohoooo! Now he follows it up with a six. This is what he precisely wanted to do on the 2nd ball of this over. Went right across, got underneath this tempter around off-stump and deposited it over long-leg fence with a sublime whip of the wrists1.3H Amjad to H Masakadza, FOUR, first four of the match and Masakadza is all pumped up, punches his glove with Sibanda and sports a wry smile. Charges out and has a big whoosh against this length delivery drifting in towards him, got it off the meat and off she goes to the deep backward square fence1.2H Amjad to H Masakadza, no run, another one that swung away, just a tad, Masakadza shuffles and sinks to one knee, aims for a slog sweep but wears it on the pad, no real appeal1.1H Amjad to H Masakadza, no run, hint of away swing, on a length and outside off, Masakadza lifts his bat and lets it goHaseeb Amjad, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attackOne slip for Amjad too...0.6T Afzal to Sibanda, no run, solidly forward to this good length delivery on fourth stump channel0.5T Afzal to H Masakadza, 1 run, a direct hit would have been interesting but the replays show Masakadza was home anyway. He punched it to mid-off and not sure who called first. Both batsmen set off quickly and Masakadza had to drag his bat in, the fielder from mid-off shies and misses. First runs of the ICC World T20 20160.4T Afzal to H Masakadza, no run, another length delivery from T Afzal, Masakadza moves around the crease and flicks it in front of mid-on0.3T Afzal to H Masakadza, no run, this time Masakadza walks across the stumps to cover for the movement (if any), he ends up flicking the length delivery with soft hands to the leg-side0.2T Afzal to H Masakadza, no run, the length is short again and Masakadza slots the punch straight towards cover, just a slight movement in the air0.1T Afzal to H Masakadza, no run, gentle back of a length delivery to start with, the line is outside off and Masakadza punchily bunts it onto the groundH Masakadza and Sibanda are at the crease. H Masakadza is on strike. T Afzal will open the attackHamilton Masakadza is seen wrapping his head-band. Meanwhile, the Hong Kong players are seen limbering up before they converge to form a huddle. Out walk the openers. The stadium-announcer is all excited as she informs "Tanwir Afzal will open the bowling for Hong Kong". One slip in place. THREE, TWO, ONE, off we go....The players and match officials walk out and line-up for the national anthems. It's pretty sunny and sultry out there. I can see swathes of empty seats painted in several trippy colors. Looks like there are more players than audience at the moment. With sun belting out and today being Tuesday, it's quite understandable.Pitch report: The pitch is pretty dry and you can expect a few cracks in these hot conditions. But the surface is very hard and there's just a bit of grass covering to make it easy. 140 batting first looks par and a score of 150 is a must for Zimbabwe, reckons Nick Knight on airTeams:Hong Kong (Playing XI): James Atkinson(w), Ryan Campbell, Babar Hayat, Mark Chapman, Anshuman Rath, Nizakat Khan, Kinchit Shah, Tanwir Afzal(c), Aizaz Khan, Haseeb Amjad, Nadeem AhmedZimbabwe (Playing XI): Hamilton Masakadza(c), Vusi Sibanda, Richmond Mutumbami(w), Sean Williams, Malcolm Waller, Sikandar Raza, Elton Chigumbura, Donald Tiripano, Tinashe Panyangara, Wellington Masakadza, Tendai ChataraMasakadza: We are happy to bat first. Looks like a good batting wicket. So not a bad thing that we lost the toss. Someone has to be dropped for a couple of guys obviously. We had a good warm-up game against Ireland and hopefully the boys will take some confidence from that.Afzal: We will bowl first. I think the pitch really looks good for bat and bowl. We will restrict them under 140. Campbell is back in the side and that will be a huge boost for us.Hong Kong have won the toss and have opted to fieldRight then! Here's some jaw-dropping fact already. Ryan Campbell who has played 2 ODIs for Australia will be now making his debut for Hong Kong. My colleague Bharath Ramaraj, who breathes cricket tells me "Campbell used to open for Western Australia along with Michael Hussey." Wondering why all that fuss about him? Today, he will become the oldest player to make debut in T20Is. At the age of FOUR-FOUR (44 years, 30 days to be precise)...Phewf! That's a wrap ladies and gentlemen. This is going to be fun. The next 27 days, we will be all eyes and ears to bring some jaw-dropping action to your desktops and mobile screens. So, sit back and savour the tussle between wood and leather as we seek to bring you the best coverage possible. Toss and team news in a bit. Don't go away...In case you aren't aware: The winner of group A (Bangladesh, Oman, Ireland, Netherlands) will join India, New Zealand, Pakistan, Australia. The winner of group B (Hong Kong, Zimbabwe, Afghanistan, Scotland) will join England, South Africa, West Indies, Sri Lanka.Zimbabwe: Slotted just above their today's opponents, 13th in the rankings.>>> Barring 2009 World T20, they have appeared in every edition. Zimbabwe pulled out of the 2009 World T20 in England citing political reasons.>>> Have a proud record of defeating Australia in their World T20 debut game.>>> Failed to make it to the group stages in 2014 World T20.Recent form: In contrast, Zimbabwe lost one to HPCA XI and had a saunter against Ireland.Key players: Hamilton Masakadza, Malcolm Waller, Sean Williams, Elton Chigumbura.Hong Kong: Currently placed 14th in the ICC T20I rankings.>>> This is the third time (2012, 2014 and 2016) Hong Kong are taking part in the ICC World T20 qualifiers. They, however, have failed to progress to the further stages on previous occasions.>>> Clinched a low-scoring thriller against Bangladesh in the last World T20 - Hence, they cannot be taken lightly.>>> Haven't won a single game in the recently concluded Asia Cup qualifiers.Recent form: Won a nail-biter against HPCA XI but have surrendered meekly against Ireland (in the practice games).Key players: Ryan Campbell, Mark Chapman, Anushman Rath, Tanwir Afzal.Okay! That opening gambit, I reckon, was pretty tenuous. So I'll stick to the news that matters the most at the moment. Nagpur, also known as the Orange city of India is all set to kick start the 2016 World T20 campaign. First up in the qualifiers, Hong Kong will be squaring off against Zimbabwe. Ball one in one hour. More analysis coming your way...08:25 GMT, 13:55 IST: TICK-TICK-TICK-BOOM-BANG - Alright, it's 13:55 local. Drum roll, please! Much excited, eh? Just before the start of the 2007 World T20 (the inaugural edition), here's what one of the BCCI officials had to say: "T20? Why not ten-ten or five-five or one-one? India will never play T20." Fast forward 9 years later, here we are and India is now hosting the 6th edition of the ICC World T20. Rapid evolution, ain't it? 35 games, 16 teams, 27 days. Plenty of razzmatazz to follow...Preview:

In 2007, Zimbabwe made a stunning start to their World T20 campaign by defeating mighty Australia. Their slide since then has been spectacular. Without the likes of Brendan Taylor, who last year bid goodbye to international cricket, Zimbabwe resemble a pretty weak outfit. They, however, have in their ranks the likes of Hamilton Masakadza, Sean Williams and Malcolm Waller among others to pose a significant threat.

Zimbabwe's exposure in international cricket should hold them in good stead and see them come out on top in Group B. They also have an experienced and hugely successful coach in Dav Whatmore, but they will have to ensure they do not give in to complacency come the qualifiers.

With not much experience, Hong Kong could well turn out to be the whipping boys in Group B of the qualifying stage. The inclusion of Ryan Campbell in the side should be a shot in the arm for the side bereft of exposure at the biggest stage, and Hong Kong will hope that Campbell, alongside Mark Chapman and Babar Hayat, the other promising batsmen in the line-up, deliver the goods and help the side punch above their weight.

Hong Kong had an extremely disappointing Asia Cup campaign, where they failed to beat Oman, UAE, who didn't qualify for World T20, or Afghanistan. They will hope that they can somehow turn their fortunes around and show that they are worthy of a spot in the qualifying stage of the mega-starrer.

However, the team was jolted when there were reports about the players were being investigated by the anti-corruption unit. Even if the team comes out clean, the news will affect the players and it'll make it difficult for them to take the field with a free mind. If the players, support staff and all involved with the team can shut out all the noise regarding this issue, it'll become an even more interesting contest as the team will walk onto the field trying to prove a point and that'll make them as dangerous as any other team.