Chris Gayle assault blows England away
Audacious and entertaining met the more conservative forces of cricket under lights with some dew and lots of sixes on offer at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Tuesday (March 16). However, in a game that rewards the more enterprising, England displayed an avatar of cricket that was far different from what they had presented against Netherlands, in their last World T20 encounter two years ago or the last World Cup clash against Bangladesh less than a year ago.

Sadly for England, little changed in terms of the result as they were up against a rampaging Chris Gayle, who had the statisticians going number-crunching with various records falling and few more getting made during the course of his second World Twenty20 ton, which powered West Indies to a six-wicket win.

Chasing a target of 183, West Indies were on the back foot early on in the innings as David Willey struck off the second delivery with Johnson Charles offering a simple catch to Moeen Ali at mid wicket. England tried keeping the noose tight by not allowing easy singles and twos to the West Indian batsmen. However, edges and a few heaves got them the necessary boundaries. Marlon Samuels, who hogged the majority of the strike in the second-wicket partnership with Gayle, got caught at backward point off a no-ball on his way to a 27-ball 37.

With West Indies looking to go on a higher gear soon after the powerplay, Adil Rashid was brought into the attack. The leg-spinner struck right away as Samuels holed out to Willey at long on while trying to clear the boundary ropes. Denesh Ramdin struggled during his brief 14-ball stay at the crease, before going for a slog sweep against Moeen Ali and giving an easy catch to Rashid at short fine leg. Dwayne Bravo, too, couldn't clear the fence and offered an easy catch off a knee length full toss by Topley.

Gayle, who watched the proceedings mostly from the non-striker's end till this point, decided to take centre stage and swatted the English bowlers all over the park. He started off with two sixes against Rashid, followed it up with two more against Ben Stokes and then three consecutive hits over the fence against Moeen to move into the 90s. In the process, he went past Brendon McCullum's record of most T20I sixes, broke his own record of most sixes (11) in a single innings before recording the fastest century in World T20. He also became the only player to hit two centuries in T20 World Cups.

There is nostopping Gayle in rampage mode and England were at the receiving end today as West Indies cruised to victory with 11 balls to spare.

Earlier, led by Eoin Morgan, at the back of a year of 'entertaining brand of cricket', England let loose in their opening clash of the ICC World T20 2016. Put in to bat, Alex Hales and Jason Roy got off to a cautious start before a flurry of boundaries followed. The opening stand, worth 37 runs, was ended by Andre Russell, who dismissed Roy for a run-a-ball 15.

Joe Root came to the crease and he pressed on the accelerator, while England were also helped by the fact that the West Indian bowlers were extremely erratic; switching between good yorkers and slower balls to wide and short deliveries. The batsmen took complete advantage of the offerings and didn't hold back on sending the ball over the ropes time and again as Root and Hales added 55 runs for the second wicket.

Jos Buttler (30 off 20), Morgan (27 not out off 14) and Stokes (15 off 7) then came up with valuable contributions towards the end of the innings to help England post 182 for 6 in their 20 overs. Eventually, as it turned out, the score proved too little for West Indies.