Zimbabwe look to tighten grip on top slot
Zimbabwe and Scotland face-off in Nagpur on Thursday (10 March) fully aware that a defeat could well put an end to their chances of progressing to the main stage of the ICC World T20 2016.

Scotland will surely be out of the fray should they lose, and the likelihood of that happening remains high considering they have never won a game at the World T20 before. They almost ended that jinx with a superb batting display in their opener against Afghanistan, but they could not capitalise on the performance and notch up a win.

Zimbabwe, on the other hand, have shown their might in the opener against Hong Kong and will be confident of adding another win to their tally and tightening their grip on the all-important top spot. They needed some superb performances against Hong Kong on Tuesday, and it was thanks to the performance of Elton Chigumbura lower down that helped them turn the game around.

When: Scotland vs Zimbabwe, Group B - 9:30 AM GMT, 3 PM IST
Where: Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium, Nagpur
What to expect: A searingly hot day with a high of 38. A slow wicket with plenty of help to the spinners.

Team News:

Zimbabwe: Zimbabwe will see no reason to change their line-up after their clinical performance against Hong Kong. Vusi Sibanda, Malcolm Waller and Elton Chigumbura all came well for Zimbabwe in the opener with the bat, but they will hope that the other batters do not throw away their wickets in the manner that they did on Tuesday.

Team: Hamilton Masakadza (c), Vusi Sibanda, Richmond Mutumbami (wk), Sean Williams, Malcolm Waller, Sikandar Raza, Elton Chigumbura, Donald Tiripano, Tinashe Panyangara, Wellington Masakadza, Tendai Chatara

Scotland: Scotland could look at adding another spinner to their ranks considering the helpful wicket at Nagpur. In that case, Con de Lange, who can be effective with the bat as well, could get to play the game in favour of one of the pacers.

Team: Kyle Coetzer, George Munsey, Calum MacLeod, Matt Machan, Richie Berrington, Preston Mommsen (c), Matthew Cross (wk), Josh Davey, Safyaan Sharif/Con de Lange, Mark Watt, Alasdair Evans.

What they said:

"We have to address the middle overs, where we absolutely lost it (in the game against Afghanistan). The opening stand was brilliant. Unfortunately, one of the openers couldn't go on to get a big one. It was one that got away. Unfortunately, we couldn't get over the line" - Preston Mommsen.

"Wickets here are a lot different to back home. Need to try and spend more time at the crease. Wasn't so easy out there. Without putting pressure on ourselves - myself, Hami (Masakadza) and the rest of the senior guys have to carry the team through" - Vusi Sibanda.