Shahzad, Stanikzai fifties steer Afghanistan past Scotland
He pulled out his entire repertoire of outrageous shots - the helicopter shot, the dil-scoops, the reverse-paddles were interspersed with cover drives, the straight lofts and the flicks, but all of them came with with Mohammad Shahzad's signature style stamped.

Shahzad was in full flow in Nagpur when Afghanistan took on Scotland on Tuesday (March 8), and his sumptuous fifty helped Afghanistan start their ICC World T20 2016 campaign with a 14-run victory.

Opting to bat first, Afghanistan had a sizzling Shahzad to thank as he helped the side put on a challenging 170 for 5 in their 20 overs. Asghar Stanikzai, too, chipped in with a fifty but it was the wicketkeeper-batsman's stunning onslaught at the start that set the tone for the Afghanistan innings.

Shahzad started the innings with a uppish four wide of cover, and his fearless batting was a feature throughout his 39-ball 61. He shared a superb 82-run stand with his captain for the second wicket and laid the foundation for their side's total.

He took his time to settle, scoring his first 22 runs off 20 balls. Off the last ball of the eighth over, Shahzad decided to change gears. He slammed three sixes off his next four deliveries as Afghanistan started to take the attack to Scotland.

He finally fell in the 13th over, trying to smash Mark Watt out of the ground. At that point, Afghanistan were 107 for 2, with their sights set on a 180-plus total. Scotland, however, fought back hard and put the brakes on the scoring.

Gulbadin Naib (12 off 11), Mohammad Nabi (1) and Shafiqullah Shafiq (14 off 5) all departed soon after. Stanikzai managed to drop anchor and reach his fifty in the final over as Afghanistan ended with a healthy score.

In reply, Scotland made a spectacular start. George Munsey and Kyle Coetzer started in blitzy fashion to put their side on top in the chase. The pair started in cautious manner, but started to wield the long handle to great effect soon after. The slammed 80 for the first wicket in great time, before Samiullah Shenwari gave his side a important breakthrough - getting Coetzer (40 off 27) out caught.

From there on, things started to spiral out of control quite quickly for the Scots. Munsey (41 off 29), Calum MacLeod (2) and Richie Berrington (8) were out by the time the team had reached the 110-run mark in the 14th over.

The opening stand had still left the Scotland side with a healthy chance despite the barrage of wickets. They were left needing 51 off the last 30 balls, and with players like Matt Machan, who has a lot of experience playing county cricket, and captain Preston Mommsen in the middle, needed just a couple of big overs to turn things around.

Afghanistan's spirited bowlers and fielders, though, ensured there was no such twist in the tale and got their campaign off to a winning start.