Dilshan blitz snaps Afghanistan's winning streak
At a time when Sri Lanka have badly needed their senior players to take the onus, Tillakaratne Dilshan put his hand up to give his side a winning start in the ICC World Twenty20 on Thursday (March 17). Chasing a daunting 154, a target expertly setup by Afghanistan's Asghar Stanikzai, Dilshan shrugged off his recent T20I slump to be at disdainful best and disrupt his opposition's winning streak in the tournament as Sri Lanka recorded a six-wicket victory at the Eden Gardens.

Sri Lanka continued life without Lasith Malinga, even as the pacer seemed to be bowling at full tilt, with a cap on his left knee, an hour before the toss in practice. To challenge the prospects of Mohammad Shahzad throwing his bat around with success and giving Afghanistan a flying start, Angelo Mathews took the new ball, and the onus upon himself to curb the big-hitter after Stanikzai had opted to bat first.

That the surface was going to be a low and slow one was evident very early in the innings but Mathews and Nuwan Kulasekara started well by not offering any width for Shahzad to cut loose. Taming him for the first ten deliveries did the trick for the defending champions as he skied one off Mathews to walk back for eight in the third over.

Mathews made up for the lack of Malinga's early impact by rotating his bowlers well. After his opening spell, in tandem with Kulasekara, had built up good pressure, Rangana Herath expertly made a couple of incisions. In between his two scalps - of Noor Ali Zadran and Mohammad Nabi - Thisara Perera ended Karim Sadiq's troubled stay at the wicket.

Despite their struggle at the half-way stage, Stanikzai went a long way in establishing the fact that a T20 innings is a tale of two halves, and more significantly of the second one.

The skipper carried forward his team's 'trigger happy' mentality with much success as he and Shamiullah Shenwari, two of the most experienced members of the Afghanistan squad, took full advantage Sri Lanka's loosening grip on the proceedings.

Stanikzai tonked Milinda Siriwardana for two successive sixes and got the sparse crowd going. The quick shift of momentum despite early wickets led Mathews to reach for the panic button and re-introduce Herath in the 15th over for his final one. To the spinner's credit, he created a couple of chances - a tough catching opportunity at the boundary and a close LBW appeal - but Stanikzai and Shenwari smashed 13 off the over, and more importantly, kept their stand going. Afghanistan reaped the benefits of the duo's fearless batting that propelled them from 51 for 4 in 11 overs to 105 for 4 in 16.


Getty
Shenwari's exit in the 17th over, for a resourceful 14-ball 31, did not deter Stanikzai, who by now was in a zone of his own where there was no alternative to hitting long and hard. The broad-shouldered captain packed quite punch and brought up his third T20I fifty before failing in his attempt at a rather unique scoop and departing for 62 off just 47 balls, in the 19th over. In the process, Stanikzai scored the highest individual knock by an Afghanistan captain in T20Is, eclipsing his own previous best of an unbeaten 55 against Scotland in Nagpur. Najibullah Zadran pushed the Afghanistan total further as 12 runs came off the final over to help them finish on 153 for 7.

Despite Sri Lanka's recent slide, Dilshan and Dinesh Chandimal were truly up for the chase and were quick to put the pressure back on their opposition with a blazing start. Chandimal got the chase underway with a six and four in the first over and Dilshan lapped it up with two big ones in the second. Such was the turn of form for the 39-year-old veteran, that dilscoop and his shimmies down the track were on full display.

Desperate for a breakthrough, Stanikzai turned to Mohammad Nabi, who provided instant gratification by sending Chandimal packing in the last over of the Powerplay. On a track that did not offer the sort of spitting turn like Nagpur, Nabi and Rashid Khan, the 17-year-old leg-spinner, operated effectively. The youngster's joy knew no bounds as he dismissed Lahiru Thirimanne in his second over. Playing in his first T20I since 2014, the rustiness in the Sri Lankan batsman's approach was telling as his troubled stay was ended with him playing a flat delivery onto the stumps in the 9th over.

The promotion of the big-hitting Thisara Perera showed that Sri Lanka were still a bit insecure in their chase and wanted to kill the game as early as possible. However, just three overs after Thirimanne's ouster, Perera's stay was cut short by a contentious third umpire's decision of a run out

Dilshan, however, kept his foot firmly on the pedal to bring up his 13th T20I fifty. Afghanistan's fielding has been a bit suspect in the recent past and as Dilshan's dominance grew, their shoulders began to drop and misfields became common place. With the asking rate still hovering around nine-an-over, Afghanistan were gunning for Dilshan's dismissal that could've helped them make a late, dramatic comeback. But that was never to be.

Even as Nabi accounted for Kapugedara's scalp in the 16th over, Dilshan and Mathews came together to eat into the difference between runs required and balls remaining. With 34 to get off 24 balls, the release point for Sri Lanka came in the young Rashid's final over, where Mathews put away two deliveries to the midwicket fence and bring down the margin to 23 off 18 balls. Dilshan, who had laid the first few bricks for Sri Lanka's winning start to the tournament, finished it with a four off Hamid Hassan to give his side a convicincing victory with seven balls to spare.
