Sibanda, bowlers hand Zimbabwe first win
Hong Kong did well to give Zimbabwe a scare but eventually ran out of steam in the first Group B match of the ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier at the Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground in Nagpur on Tuesday (March 8).

Zimbabwe posted 158 for 8 after Vusi Sibanda struck a half-century and then handed Hong Kong a 14-run loss to make a positive start to the tournament.

On a pitch that played a bit slow right from the beginning, the Zimbabwe bowlers did well to deny Hong Kong a brisk start.

Ryan Campbell, who became the oldest player to make Twenty20 International debut at 44, looked scratchy from the beginning and fell for a 19-ball 9.

Even when Jamie Atkinson kept Hong Kong chugging along he was running out of partners. He eventually fell for a 44-ball 53, the first half-century from a Hong Kong batsman in World T20, with the scorecard reading 108 for 4. They still needed 51 off 22 balls but failed to propel during the last stage of the game.

Tanwir Afzal came out all guns blazing and went on to hammer 31 off 17 after being dropped on 18.

The Hong Kong captain brought the equation down to 30 off the last two overs but Tendai Chatara conceded just seven runs in the 19th over to all but seal the game for Zimbabwe.

Earlier, Zimbabwe, for most parts of their innings, were forced to play catch-up cricket after a promising start.

Put in, Hamilton Masakadza hammered 15 runs off the second over to give the team a steady start. However, a schoolboy error from the Zimbabwe captain meant he had thrown away his good start.

Masakadza (20 off 13) drove the ball wide of mid-off and took off for a quick single. He made it to the non-strikers end with ease but didn't ground his bat. A direct hit from Babar Hayat, who inflicted three run outs, caught the Zimbabwe batsman by surprise and replays suggested that his foot was in the air when the bails were dislodged.

Things just kept getting worse for Zimbabwe from there on. Sean Williams played some lovely strokes on his way to a 6-ball 12 but was undone when he inside edged a full delivery from Afzal onto the stumps.

Sikandar Raza (3) was run out going for a non-existent single and Zimbabwe found themselves stuttering at 62 for 4. Amidst all this, Vusi Sibanda (59) ensured he kept things flowing from the other end. He did well to put the bad balls away but more importantly kept the good ones out.

He added 61 runs with Malcolm Waller (26) for the the fifth wicket to steady the ship.

Both Waller and Sibanda fell in quick succession but the much-needed impetus for the innings came from Elton Chigumbura. He hammered an unbeaten 30 off 13 balls to take the team past the 150-run mark, which proved enough in the end against a spirited Hong Kong attack.