New Zealand spin India into submission
It would have been unfair if the teams landed in Nagpur expecting spin not to play a part in the ICC World Twenty20 2016, especially after what transpired in the qualifier leg. New Zealand certainly didn't - going to the extent of dropping Trent Boult and Tim Southee to play three spinners - and the move paid off as they handed India a 47-run thrashing at the VCA stadium on Tuesday (March 15).

Mitchell Santner (4 for 11) registered the best figures by a spinner against India in Twenty20 Internationals and also the best performance by a New Zealand spinner in World T20s, while Ish Sodhi (3 for 18) and Nathan McCullum (2 for 15) provided good support as New Zealand extended their unbeaten run (five wins, one no result) against India in the games shortest format.

The conditions gave Mahendra Singh Dhoni something he loves - the ability to control the game through his spinners. A barrage of spin meant the New Zealand innings failed to take off and got stuck in the taxiway, resulting in just 126 for 7 on the board, but that was more than enough as the visiting spinners came out on top and shot India down for 79.

The evening started with the crowd, the Indian and New Zealand players paying tribute to Martin Crowe. Things picked up pace pretty quickly and the visitors threatened to hit India off their plans. Martin Guptill tonked the first ball by R Ashwin for a six over his head but the offspinner trapped the opener in front to set the ball rolling for India. Colin Munro reverse-swept Ashwin for a six and it was clear the visitors wanted to attack India's main threat,but the left-handed opener fell to Ashish Nehra soon after.

After a brisk start, New Zealand lost their way but Corey Anderson (34 off 42) kept them chugging along. The fall started with Kane Williamson getting stumped off the bowling of Suresh Raina (1 for 16). If turn off the track led to the downfall of most, the lack of it ended the New Zealand captain's vigil as he missed a straight one.

After picking up 13 runs from the first over, New Zealand could only get to 35 for 3 after seven overs. Anderson found some support from Ross Taylor (10) and Mitchell Santner (18) but for most parts the slow bowlers kept them struggling before an unbeaten 11-ball 21 from Luke Ronchi gave the bowlers more than enough to work with.

If New Zealand's start was chaotic, India's reply looked more organised and yet the hosts found themselves at 42 for 6 after ten overs. The nosedive started in the very first over. Shikhar Dhawan (1) trapped lbw off the bowling of Nathan McCullum. Rohit Sharma (5) tried to hit Santner out of the attack and perished, out stumped by a mile. Raina (1), Yuvraj Singh (4) and Hardik Pandya (1) followed suit.

The onus was on Virat Kohli to guide the innings - who else it would be considering the reputation the Indian vice captain has earned. Kohli, for most part, looked like he would pull India out of the rut. Trying to graft an innings he reached 23 off 26 before a leg spinner from Ish Sodhi took the edge off Kohli's blade to put an end to a promising innings.

Dhoni fought hard for his run-a-ball 30 as he tried to keep India in the hunt. There were shades of the destruction the Indian captain can do but the aggression came too late. Understandably so, as he kept losing partners, and in the end, was left with too much to do. The pitch played enough tricks to help the spinners boss around and also give Dhoni a few sore fingers and a hurting loss to sleep with.