We were happy to chase 183: Darren Sammy
After decimating England at the Wankhede Stadium in his team's first game of the tournament, Chris Gayle is already looking forward to do more of the same in Bangalore, where he has played a lot of cricket for his Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise, Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB).

"I am looking forward to playing in Bangalore, my hometown, as well", he said after slamming the fastest ton in World Twenty20 history off 47 balls which included 11 sixes on Wednesday (March 16).

The fact that he stayed unbeaten until the end pleased the 36-year-old left-hander. "The preparation has been really, really good. It was a good wicket to bat on and we were chasing a decent total. The dew played its part as well. I didn't lose my composure even though I didn't get much strike at the start. I am happy that I finished the game and didn't leave it to anyone. We have played here before in the IPL. It's a good wicket to bat second as well. We didn't panic."

When asked about the century celebration, the Jamaican batsman revealed that it was Dwayne Bravo's latest song. "The celebration (after the hundred) was all about DJ Bravo, champion. He launched his song Champion. That's going to be the World Cup anthem for us. We've got to dance together as well'."

His skipper Darren Sammy reserved so much praise for the opener and also went on to laud Marlon Samuels for his efforts in the first six overs. "It's always a joy to watch the universe's boss as he calls himself. It was just an incredible innings from an incredible player. We were happy to chase 183. England batted well but never really accelerated and stayed at nine-an-over. At one time we thought we would be chasing 220. Marlon is a big match player. He hasn't been batting well of late but I felt today might be his day. He absolutely took control of the Powerplay. Gave us the momentum," he said.

He also sounded a warning to the rest of the teams claiming his side are here to win the competition. "We are aware of all that's been said of our team. Just need to focus on what we have in the dressing room and the belief we have amongst ourselves. We just want to enjoy and continue to entertain. We're in it to win it. Going to be difficult but we believe we can do it."

His opposite number Eoin Morgan felt his side could have put 220 on the board, which could have proved to be a match-winning total. "It was a competitive score, if we had got 220, it would have been a match winning score. We never really took the game away from them. They bowled well to restrict us. Once Gayle goes like that, it's hard to stop him. Their bowlers mixed it up well and didn't allow us to get going on what was a good batting surface."