Sensible batting helped England prevail, reckons Joe Root
Having structured a high-scoring chase against South Africa at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday (March 18), Joe Root said that England, halfway through their innings, had planned to play 'sensible' cricket and take the match 'really deep', rather than trying to play too many big shots. The move worked as England romped home to a two-wicket win in the final over of the match.

Needing 230 to win, England got off to a flying start, scoring 44 runs off the first two overs. A few wickets fell thereafter at regular intervals which also brought down England's run rate.

"Couldn't have asked for a better start. Made our job easier as we were ahead of the game from the off," Root said at the at the end of the match.

By the sixth over England had reached 89 for three - the second highest total in powerplays in Twenty20 Internationals. At that point, Root had Eoin Morgan, England's captain, for company.

"At halftime the talk was not to get greedy and try for 20 an over. Be sensible and take it really deep. Guys were so calm under pressure. Just back your natural instinct. Try and build a partnership."

The departure of Morgan pegged them back in the chase as England were reduced to 111 for 4. However, in company of Jos Buttler, Root put on a half-century stand for the fifth wicket and placed his side in command of the big chase. Even as there was a bit of hiccup towards the end, England managed to win by two wickets and record their first victory of the tournament.

"(We) Will take a lot of confidence from tonight. Did a lot of things right. Started well with the bat and finished well with the ball. The game nowadays is asking a lot of questions from the bowlers as the batsmen are finding new ways to score. Sometimes, the simple plans are the best," Morgan noted at the end of the match.

Faf du Plessis, South Africa's captain, said that they were well aware that the mammoth score of 229 for 4 that his side had posted in the first innings hadn't guaranteed them a win, and could be chased down.

"We've played this game long enough to know that no score is unchaseable and that was the message to the bowlers that we needed to start with intensity and try and get a wicket or two," Du Plessis said following South Africa's defeat. "England played brilliantly and very aggressively in the first six and took the game away from us but there were a lot of extras from our side."