Confident Zampa revels even in unfamiliar conditions
If you are a leg spinner from Australia playing any level of competitive cricket, chances are that you would have evoked comparisons to a certain blonde Victorian tweaker, who finished his career in 2006 with a scarcely believable 708 Test wickets. Moments after 23-year-old Adam Zampa picked up the man of the match award for his match-winning 3 for 23 against Bangladesh on Monday (March 21), star Indian batsman Yuvraj Singh tweeted his admiration for the young leggie, and squeezed in, within the available 140 characters, about how the young spinner reminded him of the legendary Shane Warne.

Unlike the cricket legend he's often compared to, Zampa isn't an outrageous turner of the cricket ball. But in a brief six-game career for Australia that has included two Chappell-Hadlee One-Day Internationals (ODIs) and four Twenty20 Internationals, he's already displayed a level of confidence uncommon to spinners his age from Australia, but not dissimilar to the otherwise inimitable Warne. On a balmy evening in Bengaluru, in what was his first real tryst with a typical sub-continent wicket in an international game, Zampa displayed commendable control and accuracy against seasoned players of spin bowling to set up Australia's three-wicket win.

A long hop gave him his first T20I wicket off just his second ball of the match, but what followed was en exhibition in control and variation on a ground whose modest boundary sizes have rendered many a leg spinners useless in the Indian Premier League (IPL). There was the tossed up delivery inviting the sweep across the line. When he was hit by Shuvagata Hom for a six and a four, he followed it up with a Warnesque flipper that pinged Hom on the pads and in front of the stumps before he could bring his bat down to work it away. After bowling an assortment of back of the hand deliveries, and slower paced balls in his third over, to Mahmudullah, Zampa got rid of Shakib Al Hasan at a crucial juncture with a drifter, bowled intentionally wide to elicit the outside edge and have the all-rounder caught at short third-man.

Save for a short 'A' tour of India in 2015 during, in which he picked up a four-fer in his first game, Zampa's experiences been largely limited to bowling on hard, less spin-friendly surfaces of Australia. That he seldom ceded control to the Bangladeshi batsman throughout his 24-ball spell, in unfamiliar conditions (he bowled just one over against New Zealand) is testament to his adaptability. "It's (The conditions) something I'm not used to," he says. "Obviously the wickets in Australia don't spin as much and hitting the stumps over there is crucial. Here, players can tend to hit in different areas than they can in Australia. It's something I'm trying to get used to quickly."

"Here, the ball sits in the wicket little bit. It's a little bit slow off the pitch. As you saw my first wicket... it was a pull shot hit to deep midwicket. In Australia, that ball would've probably skidded on to leg stump, and its harder to play that shot. The length that you bowl here is crucial. Changes of pace as well. Changes of pace in Australia generally results in you getting smashed over your head."

His selection to the World T20 squad may have appeared left field at first but it was this innate ability to read the conditions and the opposition coupled with an unerring consistency that helped Zampa score over Cameron Boyce and Nathan Lyon towards making this trip to India. Australian captain Steven Smith, who has seen Zampa progress through the ranks at New South Wales, was particularly impressed with what he saw from the youngster in the two games he played against South Africa at Durban and Cape Town, the latter giving Australia a confidence-boosting series win in the build up to the mega event.

"I think he's improved a lot over the last couple of years," Smith said ahead of the World T20. "I thought he bowled beautifully in South Africa. He's come a long way. He's got a lot of variations, but most importantly, he reads the batsmen very well which is very important in this format of the game and is very confident in his skill sets. Yeah I've seen him play for a long time. I know him well. That helps a little bit when you're captaining someone you've pretty close to."

The feeling is mutual for Zampa too, who is clearly enjoying his role under Smith, even if his senior pulls him off the attack after just one over, like he did in Dharamsala. "I always want the ball in my hand. But Smithy is a great tactical captain," he says when reminded of his one-over spell against New Zealand. "He's been really good for me since I was a young guy. So to have him there standing at cover all the time, it's nice. We work together quite well. To have him at the back of the ear to reassure you... it's nice," he says.

For a player playing in his first major tournament, Zampa gives away little indication of being overawed by the occasion and remains rather confident about his abilities and what he brings to the table. He conceded that he didn't seek any advice from former spinners about bowling in the sub-continent and that he chose instead to figure things out for himself. By the time he is done with the remaining two games of the group stages, against Pakistan and India, he would have discovered a little more about himself and his bowling.

"It's going to be a new challenge playing against Pakistan and India," Zampa says looking ahead to the upcoming fixtures. "Both teams have great players of spin and I'm really looking forward to it. It's been made quite clear that there's a bit of pressure on me to perform over here but I'm very excited about bowling against these top players. The equation is simple for us. Win every game. We had to win three games anyway. It is straightforward now."

Zampa is aware of the Warne talks but realises it's far too early. The dream is to play Test cricket, but it is more important to stay in the moment and contribute positively towards Australia's attempts to lift that one trophy that has eluded them so far.

"Definitely, (playing) Test matches is the ultimate dream. But it would be nice to get a few more games under my belt. Still a long way off. I've been playing for Australia, have played only five first-class games this season. But I thought I did quite well in those games too. So at the moment, I''m pretty happy with what's going on," he signs off.