McClenaghan stars in New Zealand's 8-run win
The rain finally stayed away in Dharamsala and the cricket that paved through on Friday (March 18) was quite exciting as New Zealand rode the wave expertly to finish on top. On a pitch that did not quite aid power-hitting right through, New Zealand's bowlers - led by Mitchell McClenaghan managed to successfully defend a total of 142. But the way it panned out wasn't quite straightforward. Australia did stay in the game for a long time but fell short because there wasn't a set batsman to carry them through on a tricky pitch.

Their innings wasn't dissimilar to New Zealand's where there was a dramatic turnaround once the powerplay was done. Kane Williamson had opted to bat after picking Mitchell McClenaghan over Nathan McCullum and for the first few overs it seemed that New Zealand would be racing towards a total nearing 200.

Martin Guptill's designated role is to get the team off to a flier and he did not disappoint. He was aided greatly by an unremarkable Ashton Agar who was introduced in the third over. The ploy was probably to check if there was some turn in the pitch. It took a longer while to figure that out because Agar started with two full tosses which were smacked duly over the fence by Guptill and then one more followed in the same over.

Guptill hit a total of four sixes in his 39 as New Zealand raced to 58 without loss after six overs. Williamson was playing the ideal foil with a busy innings. The turnaround, however, was as swift as the start. Australia's other spin options - Adam Zampa and Glenn Maxwell proved difficult to go after with the ball getting softer.

Suddenly the pitch looked a lot more sluggish with batsman after batsman struggling to find the middle of the bat. The trigger was released when Guptill mistimed a big hit off a Faulkner slower one and holed out to long on. Williamson fell in the next over to Maxwell and Australia by then had figured out what to bowl on this pitch.

The seamers, with Watson leading the way, operated on a tight line and didn't allow any room for the big swings, which came in plenty from New Zealand. Colin Munro tried to keep the scorers busy with a few eye-catching shots including a switched late-cut. But these shots were coming on only because Australia had pushed New Zealand into a corner. Despite Munro's efforts, only 39 came in the eight overs since the powerplay.

New Zealand also lost four wickets in this period. By the time Ross Taylor and Grant Eliott got together, their only option was to try and score as many boundaries as possible. The chance for trying to keep the scoreboard ticking through quick running rather than power-hitting had passed by. The duo did make useful contributions towards the end, but New Zealand's innings lacked a definitive pivot after the first six overs. They meandered on to 142, which was still a competitive score but smarter batting could have got them at least 10-15 more.

In the chase, Australia found the going easy against the new ball as well, particularly Usman Khawaja who had been picked ahead of Aaron Finch for the sluggish pitch. Each shot that he creamed to the fence - six in all - ignited awes. Australia had raced to 37 after the first four overs and then just like that, the demons in the pitch woke up again.

Their innings, too, much like New Zealand's, changed colour once the new ball overs were done and Corey Anderson and McClenaghan started bowling the cutters. The latter had Watson caught at mid off and in the next over, Smith ran down the pitch only to be flummoxed by Santner's flight and turn.

Australia went without a boundary for 6.2 overs as New Zealand wrestled their way back into the game with smart punches. Khawaja was run out after he misjudged a second run while Warner holed out to deep mid wicket. But just when New Zealand were wresting control, Williamson switched from spin to the pace of Milne which gave Australia another lifeline. Milne had adapted to bowling cutters on the pitch, but a couple of lucky inside edges saw Australia score 14 off the thirteenth over. Neither Maxwell nor Marsh looked in any sort of comfort in their 34-run stand but it was an important one that kept Australia hanging on.

New Zealand's spinners almost played a stellar role again as Ish Sodhi conceded just a run and picked up Maxwell in the 16th over, but a couple of sixes in the next over from Santner evened things out again.

When it came down to 22 needed off the last two overs, McClenaghan's slower ones and cutters turned out to be the deal-breaker. He first had Marsh caught at long on off the first ball, then went on to give away only three runs while also accounting for Agar in the over. 19 off the last over proved too many for Australia as New Zealand romped home to a second straight win to become firmfavouritesfor a spot in the semi-final.