Far from clinical South Africa seal easy win
South Africa were always expected to win, but Afghanistan made them stretch a bit before going down by 37 runs in the Super 10 match of the ICC World T20 2016 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Sunday (March 20).

Batting first, South Africa posted 209 for 5, their second consecutive 200-plus score in this tournament, on the back of some clean hitting from AB de Villiers (64 off 29) and Quinton de Kock (45 off 31).

To Afghanistan's credit, they came out all guns blazing and didn't get bogged down by the enormity of the target and the fact that they got close to it was also because Mohammad Shahzad entertained the partisan crowd with a 19-ball 44.

South Africa started well again with de Kock taking 12 runs off the first over from Amir Hamza. Hashim Amla (5) sparkled for a brief period before lobbing a straight catch to Asghar Stanikzai at mid-off.

There was no breather for the Afghanistan bowlers as Faf du Plessis (41) and de Kock collaborated to add 65 runs in seven overs for the second wicket. The duo did well to set the stage for de Villiers's blitz, but the think-tank would have wanted them to continue.

Afghanistan pulled things back a touch in the middle over through their spinners as both du Plessis and de Kock found it hard to get them away. However, it wasn't the spinners that gave them a break but school boyish error from South Africa did.

Du Plessis stroked the ball to cover and came out of his crease. He was more bothered about de Kock making his crease while Mohammad Nabi fired the ball to Shahzad to find the South Africa No. 3 just short.

From there on, there was no stopping de Villiers, who took a while before hammering the Afghanistan bowlers to all parts of the ground. He picked up 29 runs from the 17th over bowled by Rashid Khan to lift the team beyond Afghanistan's reach.

However, if South Africa were hoping for a walk in the park, Shahzad laid to rest all those thoughts during his 19-ball stay. When the Afghanistan wicketkeeper-batsman was bowled by Chris Morris, which was followed by an aggressive and totally uncalled for send-off, Afghanistan had 52 runs on the board in just four overs.

There were useful contributions from Noor Ali Zadran (25), Gulbadin Naib (26) and Samiullah Shenwari (25) that kept Afghanistan in the hunt. They were helped by some sloppy fielding and wayward bowling from the South African bowlers. But it was a matter of time before the mightier side pulled thing back in their favour.