Result: Lionel Messi makes scoring return in Barcelona win
 Barcelona have risen above Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid into second position in La Liga courtesy of a comfortable 4-0 victory over 10-man Deportivo La Coruna in Saturday afternoon's clash at Camp Nou. A brace from Rafinha and a smart Luis Suarez finish sent Barcelona on their way, before Lionel Messi came off the bench to score a fourth as the Catalan giants returned to winning ways in the league. Messi returned to the Barcelona squad after missing the last three weeks with a groin problem, but the Argentine was only named on the bench alongside Andres Iniesta as head coach Luis Enrique went for a back three. Barcelona's first opportunity of the match arrived in the seventh minute when Neymar met a cross from Rafinha, but the Brazilian's volley smashed the crossbar and Suarez could only head the rebound over German Lux's goal. Seven minutes later, Barcelona again came close when Neymar lined up a free kick outside the Deportivo box and the forward's effort just missed the top of the net. Despite the home side having the two best opportunities inside the opening 20 minutes, Deportivo were a threat on the counter-attack and Florin Andone fired wide of the post after breaking clear.  It was the hosts that made the breakthrough in the 21st minute, however, when Suarez slid a pass in to Rafinha and the Brazilian international picked out the far corner with a low, controlled strike. It was tough for Deportivo in the period that followed as they faced a host of Barcelona pressure, and it did not get any easier when key centre-back Sidnei limped off the field just before the 30-minute mark. Barcelona continued to search for a second and it came 10 minutes before the interval when Rafinha tapped home from close range after Gerard Pique's close-range header had been parried into the 23-year-old's path. Two then became three in the 43rd minute as Neymar played in Suarez, who had the simple task of sliding the ball under Lux as the hosts sewed up the win with another half to spare. Despite Barcelona scoring three first-half goals, the biggest cheer of the match came in the 55th minute when Messi emerged from the dugout to replace Sergio Busquets and take the captain's armband in the process. Chances were few and far between in the opening 15 minutes of the second period, but the home side were very much in control of the possession as they passed and probed, looking to open up Deportivo's back four once again. It took just three minutes for Messi to make his mark as the Argentine collected a through-pass from Neymar before firing the ball into the top corner as Barcelona scored their fourth of the match. A miserable afternoon for Deportivo got worse in the 65th minute when Laure was given a straight red card for an elbow on Neymar. Barcelona had a number of chances to make it five in the 10-minute period that followed, but Paco Alcacer was denied his first Barcelona goal when Lux tipped a close-range header from the striker onto the post. Jeremy Mathieu had the ball in the back of the Deportivo net for a fifth time late on, but his effort was ruled offside, before Alcacer turned wide of the post in the second minute of additional time as his wait for a first Barcelona goal continued. Next up for Barcelona is a Champions League group match against Pep Guardiola's Manchester City on Wednesday night, before travelling to struggling Valencia in the league next weekend. Deportivo, meanwhile, will return to league action away to Celta Vigo next Sunday.