Result: Ilkay Gundogan scores twice as Manchester City beat Barcelona
 Ilkay Gundogan scored twice as Manchester City came from behind to record a 3-1 victory over Barcelona in Tuesday night's Champions League clash at the Etihad Stadium. Lionel Messi sent the Spanish champions ahead in the 21st minute, but a brace from Gundogan and a Kevin De Bruyne free kick secured an impressive win for Pep Guardiola's side, who have closed the gap at the top of Group C to just two points with two matches left. Sergio Aguero was left on the bench for the reverse match at Camp Nou, but the Argentine was recalled into the Man City XI on Tuesday night, while De Bruyne and Pablo Zabaleta were also fit to return. As for Barcelona, the Catalan giants were without the services of key injured trio Gerard Pique, Jordi Alba and Andres Iniesta, but it was once again Messi, who scored a hat-trick in their meeting in Spain, Luis Suarez and Neymar in the final third. After a tight opening 10 minutes, Man City had a clear penalty shout when Raheem Sterling went to ground under a clumsy challenge from Samuel Umtiti, but the referee was not interested and instead booked the England international for simulation, much to the annoyance of the home supporters.  Man City were causing problems as the first period continued to gather pace, but it was Barcelona that made the breakthrough in the 21st minute of action when Neymar raced clear down the left before sliding a pass in to Messi, and the Argentine settled before finding the bottom corner with a cool finish. Neymar came close himself in the 29th minute after working a yard outside the Man City box, but John Stones managed to divert the ball into the side-netting, before more last-ditch defending from the home side prevented Neymar from striking towards goal after sitting Nicolas Otamendi on the deck. Suarez was next to come close for the away side after Messi found the Uruguay international unmarked at the far post, but the striker somehow headed wide as Man City survived another dangerous moment inside their own box. Guardiola's side found a leveller six minutes before the end of the first period, however, when Barcelona lost possession just outside their own box and Aguero released Sterling, whose low cross was turned home by Gundogan as the home side's high pressing forced the Spanish outfit into a key mistake. Man City actually ended the first period on the front foot and had another chance to score a second when David Silva found Fernandinho inside the Barcelona box, but the Brazilian's effort was just wide of Marc-Andre ter Stegen's post. The home side had a glorious chance to take the lead barely one minute into the second period when Sergi Roberto again lost possession just outside his own box, but Sterling could only fire wide of the post after taking one touch too many inside the Barcelona area. Man City, who flew out of the blocks at the start of the second half, were ahead in the 51st minute, however, when De Bruyne found the top corner with a powerful free kick after Sergio Busquets had brought Silva to the ground just outside the Barcelona box. Otamendi twice came close to scoring a third for Guardiola's side in the three-minute period that followed, but the centre-back missed the target on both occasions during a spell where Barcelona were struggling to contain the home team. Aguero was next to come close for the Premier League leaders just before the hour, but the Argentine headed a Silva free kick just wide of the post as Man City continued to drive forward in search of a third goal. A cross from Aleksandar Kolarov caused more problems inside the Barcelona box with 25 minutes left to play, but neither De Bruyne nor Aguero could make contact as the Spanish champions remained on the ropes. Barcelona came within inches of levelling in the 65th minute when a poor pass from Stones released Suarez and the South American found Andre Gomes, but the midfielder smashed the ball against the crossbar, before De Bruyne clipped the outside of the post down the other end during an incredibly open period. Man City found a third in the 74th minute, however, when Jesus Navas's cross hit Aguero and bounced kindly for Gundogan, who fired home his second of the match to give the home side daylight against Luis Enrique's side. Off-colour Barcelona pressed for a response late on, but it proved to be a comfortable conclusion for the home side, who will travel to German side Borussia Monchengladbach in their penultimate Group C clash on November 23.